Amir: Hello space cadets, Ace just told me he was busy, which means it's time for...

Ace and Jocelyn theme as Amir runs along the street and eats McNugs

Amir knocks on Jake's door

Jake: (off camera) Who is it?

Amir: It's meee!

Jake opens door

Jake: Hey- oh

Amir: Ace, listen up, you said you were really busy, which is usually code for, uhhh, "I'm in trouble"

Jake: I'm really busy.

Amir: "Come over and help me", which I'm doing right now.

Jake: It's never been a code for that.

Amir: Is there trouble under this bag?

Jake: No, alright, I have someone coming over, and you have to leave.

Amir: Someone coming over? Okay, I'm gonna hide in the bathroom.

Jake: Amir! I mean Jocelyn! There's a... there's a black hole in the bathroom, we can't go in there! We have to... run to the top of Manhattan! Right now!

Amir: What?! Are you serious?

Jake: Yeah I'm right behind you, ready 3 2 1, don't look back, go!

Amir: I'm not gonna look back!

Amir starts to run out but Rima walks in, dressed identically to Amir

Rima: Hi Jaaake...

Amir: Ah, what the heckles?

Rima: Hey! How's it going?

Jake and Rima hug

Jake: Good.

Rima: Good.

Jake: Uh, this is my friend Rima.

Amir: Oh.

Rima: Friend? Okay. Are we just friends?

Jake: I dunno. Working on it.

Amir: (pulling awkward face) Eergh. Awkward City, Spaceville, USA! Hehe.

Rima: Umm...

Jake: Can you not, um, can you please take off the glasses though? I don't like it when you-

Rima: You don't like my glasses.

Amir: Honestly, it's just that, only nerds wear glasses. Straight up.

Rima: Ok, so, ummm, my glasses this week, last week my hair was too short...

Jake: It's not, it's the spikey-

Rima: - the spikes, right. I've been growing it.

Amir: Spikey hair is for homos. It's for space homos, or whatever.

Rima: Okay, is he going to be staying here tonight-

Jake: Why don't you just- 

Amir pushes over table

Amir: So... I dunno.

They talk over each other as Amir points at them

Rima: No no no, fine, okay, obviously you guys are gonna hang out tonight, and-

Jake: We're not hanging out.

Amir: Shyus! She's starting to get it Ace! Hehe.

Rima: Ace? Alright, bye, uhh, so I'll talk to you later-

Amir talks and laughs over her

Amir: Far out! Hahaha. Leave already! Hahaha. Jesus Christ. Earth girls ain't easy.

Jake: You're not easy.

Amir: K. Honestly Ace, I think I did you a huge favour, because if you think about it, she looks. A lot like. Shiii-art. And I wouldn't be caught dead in public with someone who looks like that. Let's go to the D's!

Jake: No. You can leave.

Walks in to bathroom

Amir: Alright fine. WAIT NO THE BLACKHOLE!!

Iris by Goo Goo Dolls plays for 2 seconds of credits