[Jake and Amir are sitting on the couch in Jake's apartment watching a baseball game on TV.]

JAKE: Ok, rules are as follows: you're allowed to stay here--

AMIR: IF, we have to high five every home run, I know, and we have to create ten inside jokes, you don't have to tell me--

JAKE: Ok, incorrect. Every inning you stay here is a week that you're not allowed to talk to me.

AMIR: Ok. But, I was thinking about that, what if it's like weeks in the past. (JAKE: (sarcastically) Oh, yeah) So like, weeks that we didn't know each other--

JAKE: Before, ok, (AMIR: Yeah when we were kids) um no it's gonna be future weeks. Got it?

AMIR: Yeyeah, fo sho, fo sho.



[The audience of the game is cheering loudly, indicating someone scored a home run.]

JAKE: Oh! (ANNOUNCER: Well, he--) That's gone. (He takes his phone out of his pocket.) 

AMIR: (smiling) That is aout of there! Ah!

JAKE: (smiling) I'm gonna call Kunal. (Putting the phone up to his ear.)

AMIR: (smiling) Kunal him! Ah, right now!

JAKE: (smiling) Yeah. He loves the Red Sox. I'm gonna (?) rub this in his face.

AMIR: (smiling) I know. Ok me too.

JAKE: (On the phone) Uh, yo dude, I--

AMIR: (Leaning over and grabbing Jake's arm to yell into his phone) HHHEY YOU FUCKING PIECE OF SHI--



[Amir is playing the same chord repeatedly on an acoustic guitar with a bored look on his face.]

AMIR: (Singing) Jeff is an asshole, Rosie's an asshole, I wouldn't be caught dead hanging out with Patrick Cassels...



[Jake is on the phone with Kunal, covering Amir's mouth and restraining him from talking into the phone as Amir tries to yell through Jake's hand.]

JAKE: (Into his phone) Hey, Kunal, it's Jake, ahh, just call me back, alright? We'll ahh, I just gotta talk to you. Alright. See you later.



[Amir is continuing his song.]

AMIR: (singing) I don't see why you wanna hang out with anyonnne else, buuut meeeeee...

JAKE: (continuing the song while Amir holds the note over the word me) Stop stop stop stop stop stop noww... (He grabs the guitar from Amir)



[A shot of the TV shows the score is 11-1]

AMIR: (falsetto) Two to one!

JAKE: It's eleven to one. (AMIR: Close game--)

AMIR: Oh ok. I thought those were Roman Numerals.



AMIR: (makes a pbbpbpb horse noise) I think I'm gonna take a nap. Let me know if Kobe (pronounced koab) hits that touchdown. (He leans his head back to rest on the couch.)

JAKE: (makes the same noise) Wrong player, wrong sport, wrong team, and that pronunciation of Kobe's name: intentional?

AMIR: (Thinking) Yeeeeee--

JAKE: Wrong pronunciation of the name. That is a record for you.

AMIR: Huzzah!

JAKE: Not a good one.

AMIR: Zah-hah!

JAKE: Not a word.



[Amir covers Jake's eyes while coming to sit back down on the couch.]

AMIR: Guess who! (laughs)

JAKE: No one else is here, and you came from the front of me, so that's pretty easy--

AMIR: I clogged your toilet. I clogged it.

JAKE: (sighs). Use too much paper, huh?

AMIR: (shakes his head). No I didn't use any paper, so I guess guess again?



(Amir farts loudly.)

JAKE: Ohh my God.

(Amir farts again, shorter.)

AMIR: I'm done. (He farts a third time, even shorter).



[Jake is on his iPhone.]

JAKE: Where is everybody? I invited everyone over like an hour ago.

AMIR: I know, it's so weird. Well, I guess it makes sense if you think about it, cuz like a lot of 'em were talk-- honestly, a lot of 'em were like talking shit about us, and I was like, I dunno, it's like weird, because like, you have to think about it, do you want those types of people at your house if you-- I mean if you have the choice, maybe you would rather not. Like do you have-- do you have any wine? (He farts loudly again).

(During Amir's line, a shot of Jake's apartment door is shown with a handwritten note by Amir that says Hey Guys, Sum1 I don't know died. Don't call me I'll call you. My party has been CANCELLED =), signed Jake)

END.