[Jake and Amir are sitting at a booth in a restaurant. Amir is filming, holding the camera up to the mirror on the wall, then he points it at Jake.]

AMIR: I mean, are you really going to tell me that you'd rather be at the Yankee's game right now?

JAKE: No, telling you would mean I have to talk to you, so no, I'm not going to tell you anything.

AMIR: (panning to the piece of pizza in front of Jake) I mean, I paid for half of that slice, so I don't even know why you're even--

JAKE: Well I paid for both of yours.

AMIR: Okay, wow. (turns the camera to show he is wearing a Yankees hat) You're really going to be that petty about this, aren't you?

JAKE: Yeah I guess so, I guess so.

AMIR: Alright. I'm gonna leave. (starts to get up)

JAKE: Be my guest, please.

AMIR: (sits back down) Alright, fine, I'll stay.



[30 Minutes Earlier]

[Amir has the camera on himself, again showing off his hat. He turns it toward Jake, as they walk away from the stadium.]

AMIR: I know why you're pissed at me.

JAKE: Cuz you ruined the game for me.

AMIR: No, because you bought me this.. (shows his hat to the camera again) and we weren't even able to enjoy most of the game together.

JAKE: I didn't buy you that fucking hat!

AMIR: Okay! Relax, you took money, and you bought it for me, I mean, what's the big--

JAKE: I didn't even do that!

AMIR: Ok, com'e on, compromise, right? Meet me in the middle, and then--

JAKE: Nope. Just stop talking, actually. That's good.

AMIR: Alright. I'm gonna stop talking, IF you talk to me for the rest of the day, AND, you talk to me on Thursday, Friday--

JAKE: How about I just walk home and you take the subway by yourself? (walks away)

AMIR: Awuwuwuwait okokokokok. (catches up with Jake) Come on. I won't say anything. Thanks for the hat, and that's it, or whatever.



[5 Minutes Earlier]

[Jake is walking through a crowd with his hands on his head, Amir runs up to him from behind.]

AMIR: Jake! Thank god I found you! That was EPIC! (falsetto)

JAKE: Aight look, I don't think I should be seen with you, just in case they're still looking for you, alright? Nothing personal, just get the fuck away--

AMIR: Aight. Good call, we'll split up, we'll cover more ground.

JAKE: Sure.

AMIR: Thanks for the hat. BUT, if we stay together, they won't expect it, and maybe, Ill vote for that option because, I don't wanna be not near you right now, so. Just a--.. (high-pitched voice) Just a tought! Just a tought! (he pronounces a th sound as a t sound in his high-pitched voice)



[20 Minutes Earlier]

[Jake and Amir are sitting in the grandstands in the stadium. Amir points the camera back at himself and Jake as he talks.]

AMIR: Alright, we're here at Yankee Stadium, Jake got me this hat (points at his hat),--

JAKE: Nope.

AMIR: --and we're best friends, right? Would you agree with that?

JAKE: No I wouldn't.

AMIR: I bought-- heh. I bought the tickets, so. What would you--

JAKE: I said I'd take a picture, I didn't say anything about saying we were best friends. Now MOVE the camera.

AMIR: Fine.

(* Amir pans the camera back around toward the field, and then at the woman sitting in the seat next to him. He taps her on the shoulder.*)

AMIR: Excuse me? Hi. Uh, can you take a photo of myself and my friend?

WOMAN: Sure. (she takes the camera, and Amir poses next to Jake.) Um..

AMIR: Get out hats. (laughs)

WOMAN: ..Ok, but this is still in video mode.

AMIR: (laughs) Ok, figure it out. Don't be an idiot, right?

WOMAN: E-excuse me?

AMIR: Excuse me, yeah, excuse me I'd give the camera to such an idiot (grabs the camera)

WOMAN: Hey! Hey! Lemme go!

AMIR: C'mon, Jake, hit her!

END.



OUTRO:

[Jake and Amir are walking around inside the stadium where the shops are.]

AMIR: Jake, who's your favorite Yankee and why.. don't you want to sleep over to- (sees a shop that sells hats) Ohh my god. Hey look, dude hey! Come here. Hats, dude. Come buy me one, or stand here while I buy one, so it'll look you--