INTRO:

(2011-2012 Jake and Amir Intro with no voiceover.)



[Amir, Sarah, and Rosie are standing by Amir's desk. Amir takes the gift bags given to him by Sarah and Rosie.]

AMIR: Ohh my God, thank you so much, I needed two bags!! (laughs)

SARAH and ROSIE: (clapping and cheering) Happy birthday!

AMIR: Thank you!..

(Jake enters, wearing large headphones and holding an iPad box.)

AMIR: WHOA.

JAKE: What?

SARAH: iPad.

AMIR: AAAAhh-aaah!

(Jake takes off his headphones and smiles.)

AMIR, SARAH, and ROSIE: (chanting) iPad! iPad! (Jake starts dancing along with the chant as he walks over to them) iPad! iPad! iPad! iPahad (turns into Amir laughing) Yes!

JAKE: Boo-yah! (sets iPad box down on Amir's desk) Ha-haa!

AMIR: (taking the box) Thank you so much!

JAKE: Whoah!

AMIR: Whoah indeed! This is like... the best birthday gift ever- no offense the the bags, I really needed them--

SARAH: None taken.

JAKE: (obviously hiding the fact that he forgot) That's right, it's your birthday!

AMIR: (starting another chant) Best gift ever, (Jake, Sarah, and Rosie all join in) best gift ever, best gift ever... (Amir laughs)

JAKE: (laughing) That is awesome, yeah. Of course that is yours, and I shall leave it with you, namaste! (bows)

AMIR: (bowing twice) a- HENRY! uh- HENRY! So, thank-- Wow, 3G? Isn't there like a monthly cost associated with that or--

JAKE: Paid for, in full, by me, for you.

AMIR: Wow, I (Sarah puts her arm no Amir's back, and he jerks his back, making her retract her arm) don't know what to say, thank you, I guess--

JAKE: All I want in return is a high five. (offers a high five)

AMIR: Gladly. (laughs; goes for the high five, but misses and ends up smacking Jake's shoulder) Whoa, sorry about THAT-- (Jake grabs the box from Amir's hand.)

JAKE: This is mine now.

AMIR: What?

JAKE: (mocking Amir's tone) What? (normal) I try to give you a golden gift, and you spit in my face? You gotta learn how to be gracious, man, that was just rude. I'm taking this back to the store tomorrow.

AMIR: (reaching for the box) Just gimme the iPad back!

JAKE: WHOA! Are you nucking futs? I try to give you a golden gift and you sock me in the face. How's that for fair?

SARAH: I think you're overreacting, Jake.

ROSIE: I think you just got that gift for yourself.

JAKE: Are you nucking futs, Rosie? Are you a nucking futcase? Hey, here's a question: if I bought this gift for myself, why'd I do this? (slams it down on his knee)

AMIR: No!

(Jake continues to ax kick it in the desk, then stomp it on the ground.)

SARAH: That's--

(Jake grabs Amir's bags out of his hands)

AMIR: Why--

(Jake throws them on the ground, then stomps everything furiously.)

AMIR: (Somehow holding the backs again) Why?

JAKE: How's that for overreacting, bitch?! (He puts on his headphones and walks away. He turns around and holds his arms out, in a what now? manner.)

(The audio of the next scene starts before the video.)



[Jake is in another part of the office, on the phone with Apple support while examining the crushed iPad box.]

JAKE: Yep, that's H-U-R-W-I-T-Z, and the iPad was broken.

JAKE: Well it's under warranty so I'll tell you exactly what happened. I broke it over my friggin knee, and then I stomped it, with my friggin boot! (laughs)

JAKE: Yeah I activated the warranty, they do that for you.. automatically in the store, alright, sister?

JAKE: Ok.

JAKE: Wow, alright. Then I'll do it now. Then I'll activate the warranty now.

JAKE: (shaking his head) You gotta-- you gotta learn how to be funny, man. (the video cuts to black) I expect a full refund. You gotta be nucking futs!