Jake and Amir are at their desks

Pat is sitting at his desk

JAKE: (to Pat) Oh hey Pat,

PAT: Yeah?

JAKE: Can I ask you about your book?

PAT: Really?

AMIR: (Laughing) Pat's reading?!

JAKE: (To Pat) I just want to know what you're reading actually.

PAT: Oh I didn't know you were interested in this.

AMIR: (Still laughing) Yeah I wanna know what you're reading too actually, gimme the book. Lemme see it.

PAT: (Handing the book to Amir) (To Amir) Sure, absolutely. (To Jake) I just can't believe you guys wanna hear--it's one of my favorite book it's called Portnoy's Complaint. 

AMIR: (Over Pat) (Laughing) Yeah, yeah I think it's my favorite book. 

JAKE: (To Pat) Oh, you know I've heard of that. What's...

PAT: Well it's about this young guy who grows up in New Jersey...

AMIR: (Over Pat) (Still laughing) (Flipping through the pages with the book facing Jake, so he can see) Jake look. It's all text.

PAT: Jake are you even paying attention? 

JAKE: I'm sorry-I'm sorry yeah.

AMIR: (Laughing) (Over Jake and Pat) Jake. Jake there's no pictures.

PAT: Anyway it's about this young guy who grows up in Newark, and he has this really overbearing fam--

Amir rips a page out of the book and laughs.

PAT: (Angrily) What the hell?!

AMIR: Relax it's called a practical joke. Jake makes you think like you're not a worthless nerd for half a second...

JAKE: No.

AMIR: ...and I destroy your book.

PAT: (To Jake) Jake.

JAKE: (Disbelieving) You're just gonna believe him?

PAT: That's how it works?

JAKE: No that's not how it works!

PAT: (To Jake)Little comedy duo, Abbott and Costello...

AMIR: (Over Pat) Relax, yeah we're Abbaca salads. Just relax.

PAT: (To Jake)...you set me up, he knocks me down.

AMIR: Yeah, you set me up and I'll knock his down.

Jake tries to say something, but Pat doesn't let him.

PAT: Why don't you move into an apartment together? Write sketches....

AMIR: (Over Pat) Hey, come on now! Relax!

Jake, Amir, and Pat all talk over each other.

JAKE: (Sarcastically) Yeah what a great idea, move into an apartment with my best friend (inaudible) over there.

AMIR: Guys SHUTUP for a second. (Jake and Pat shutup.) Jake, we should live together in an apartment. I told you that my dad says we could spend 10,000 dollars a month on a loft.

JAKE: (Surprised) What?

AMIR: What?

PAT: (To Jake) Fuck you.

JAKE: (To Pat) Fuck you!

Jake and Pat slap at each other. 

PAT: (As he gets up to leave) Alright, forget the whole thing, alright.

As Pat walks by Amir, Amir hits him in the leg with the book. 

PAT: (Falling, in pain) Ah!

Amir tosses the book towards Pat.

Black screen.



Pat is in a small room talking on the phone.

PAT: Hey, Mom....it's Pat....your son....you were right about the books....they just wanted to rip them up.