INTRO

Jake - Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.

Amir - And if anybody needs a couch, just text me.

Jake - This isn't craigslist.

EPISODE

Amir - Doing an eight week boot camp at Gold's Gym.

Jake - Ok.

Amir - Six weeks in, and I haven't showed up yet.

Jake - Heheh nice, alright, I actually have to write this e-mail so...

Amir - Day one and I show up ready as a raw rack of ribs.

Jake - You just said you never showed up.

Amir - First up is a 2 mile power jog on this death machine they call a trackmill.

Jake - Treadmill.

Amir - So I use the opportunity to go for a run myself, out of the friggin gymnastium. But not before proving my worth to the instructor by picking up the biggest weight I could find... The weight to the women's locker room. Hahah.

Jake - (looks unamused)

Amir - Didn't think you'd get that. Now I actually bend down to pick up a barbell that probably grossed about 80 kilos and pop goes my weasel. My back is pulled like a pork sandwich in pot-tuckey.

Jake - I don't wanna hear the whole story man, ok. You're only on day one.

Amir - I practiced like... ok. 

Jake - Ok.

Amir - It's just that I practiced a lot you know, that story was very very memorized, and the metaphors were very tight, ok. I figured you'd appreciate it.

Jake - Well you figured so completely wrong.

Amir - Sure...so.... What now?

Jake - We work, ok. You don't have to talk to me.

Amir - It's fine.

Jake - It's fine.

Amir - ...Then I won't.... Second day's the first loser so I walk back into that nastium with my head held higher than a helium kite on the fourth planet... Martians.

Jake - You said the metaphors were tight man, that was such a stretch.

Amir - Yeah, well you said you didn't even want to hear 'em.

Jake - Exactly.

Amir - So I stopped.

Jake - And then you started again.

Amir - Let me at least rattle off the metaphors ok, not the whole story, just, you know... otherwise they weren't even worth me thinking of.

Jake - They weren't.

Amir - Flaccid as an octopus in a cowboy costume.

Jake - Bad.

Amir - Hell time at high noon day.

Jake - Not a metaphor.

Amir - Let me finish, sorry but... Hell time at high noon day. Uh, chicken-eyed like a cock nosed rooster.

Jake - So you were finished with the hell time one.

Amir - With the hell time one yeah, yeah I was.

Jake - I don't even know how chicken-eyed would even fit into the story.

Amir - And now you'll never know.

Jake - I have a feeling you're gonna tell me...

Amir - Day 12 is breathing exercises and pelvic stretching, so I'm like fff-no. Heh. Ef-no. 

Jake - Pelvic Stretches? What kind of boot camp was this?

Amir - It's a post natal baby boot camp, ok. Imagine my surprise when I find out.

Jake - I imagine you were chicken-eyed...

Amir - Yeah, I was friggin chicken-eyed like a cock nosed...

Jake - Rooster.

Amir - (makes weird face) Exactly.

Jake - You gotta stop making that face alright, please.

Amir - (drops face)

EPISODE LINK

Checklist for Episodes