[Amir is at his desk using his laptop; Jake is not present.]

(Jake walks up to his desk and sets a cardboard box down on it.)

JAKE: (on the phone) Yeah, comin' down now. (He walks back away from his desk.)

AMIR: I'm comin' down now witcha, so, wait up for half a second--

JAKE: (to Amir) (snaps his fingers) Stay there. (snaps his fingers.) There. (snaps his fingers.)

AMIR: (pointing at the box on Jake's desk) W- what is tha-? (Jake is gone so he stops talking.)

(Amir walks around to Jake's desk, rolls Jake's chair back, and tries to carefully pick up the box between two fingers, but it drops and falls to the floor. Amir goes on his hands and knees to retrieve it, but hits his head on the underside of Jake's desk when getting back up, and he shouts UGH!; he then remains motionless and out of view while the camera keeps rolling. 24 seconds later, Jake becomes visible as he walks back to his desk from the elevators, and he eventually sits back in his chair.)

JAKE: (noticing that the box is missing) Where...

(Amir reaches up from under his desk and puts the box down on it. Jake stands up partially to get a better look. Amir sits down in his chair, with one hand on his head.)

JAKE: Is that my router?

AMIR: Hey bro... (exhales in pain)

JAKE: That's.. is that my router?

AMIR: (opening the box) Nooo, this is mine actually. Where di-- you got one too? (He takes the router out of the box.)

JAKE: Yeah. You got the same one as me?

AMIR: (examining the router in his hands) Yeah crazy.

JAKE: (in a southern accent) Same box an' everytang.

AMIR: (mimicking Jake's accent) Soulmates do dat shiat all the time.

JAKE: (shaking his head and smiling) That's so weird.

AMIR: The- this is weird.

JAKE: It's so weird that you would-- Um.. where did you get it?

AMIR: I got it online. The internet. So.

JAKE: So did I. What website did you go to? Maybe we went to the same one.

AMIR: (examining the router) Half of it is blue, you see that?

JAKE: Yeah yeah.

AMIR: And then half of it... Ah, my head hurts. Heh.

JAKE: It's- Are you.. are you gonna use it? You know, plug it in, spin it around, do all that--

AMIR: (spinning the router in his hands between two opposite corners) I was just about to spin it around when you said it--

JAKE: You're spinnin' it. That is just.. so fun. Careful, it gets hot!

AMIR: (dropping the router on his desk) I know, ah, Jesus! It started to get a little hot...

JAKE: Yeah, it gets really really hot.

AMIR: ...when you said that. So.

JAKE: No, I know.

AMIR: (smelling the router) Okay. Good.

JAKE: You just-- Smells good, right?

AMIR: So we both have one, and, let's just leave it at that, at this point. (setting down the router and putting on his headphones) Uh, I'll let you know when yours gets here. I'm gonna listen to music now.

(Amir starts air drumming.)

AMIR: (lifting off one side of his headphones) Did you say something about us getting the same piece of equipment?

(Amir continues drumming, and starts beat boxing as well. Jake walks over to Amir and air drums and beat boxes with him for a few seconds. Amir to switch to air guitar.)

JAKE: (picking up the router) Alright, I'm gonna take this back. (unplugging Amir's headphones) What are you listening to?

(Hey There Delilah by the Plain White T's plays through Amir's computer's speakers. Amir takes off his headphones and points at his computer to try to act confused.)

AMIR: That was.. this is the.. it's just ended and now the- I was listening to rap--

(The video cuts to black, and the audio of the song plays out and is then cut after a few seconds.)

END.