Jake: You're watching Jake and Amir...

Amir: Are you talkin' to me?

Jake: Bad impression.

Amir: It was fine.



Amir: How was your break?

Jake: It was really nice actually...

Amir: Yeah, are you just sayin' that to make me jealous?  Cause it's working.

Jake: I'm just saying it was nice to see my family, it was fun to hang out with my friends from high school...

Amir: Yeah, I wasn't home for but two minutes before the old man offers me a grilled jizz sandwich.  Curious, I say yes, and he chucks a cast iron skillet at the back of my face.

Jake: The back of your face?

Amir: The back of my fricken' face!  Yeah, hit me square and crack goes my weasel.

Jake: Hey! Don't ruin my day with this sad sad story...uncross the eyes, there it is.

Amir: So I say nope not this year, not again, I'm better than this, and I book it like a librarian as my dad threatens to move.  Only problem is, Uh oh, mommy's lying supine underneath my back tires threatening to sue me if I run over her head like a fricken' coconut.

Jake: Jesus Christ...

Amir: My Hanukkah wish, didn't come true cause my old man is just pushin' the hood of the car beggin' to the only god he knows to run the bitch over and I'm ridin' shotgun with my hand on the E-brake while the old maid is in the back fricken' planking underneath my back tires, kissing the pavement, begging me to fucking run her over too.  I'm crying like a coward up there right, screaming It's a set-up, it's a set-up!

Jake: Why did you even go home?!

Amir: I was asking myself the same question when my dad popped a squat on the windshield of my rented Kia Sorento and tried to drop a deuce.

Jake: Tried?

Amir: Yeah! Tried.  Turns out he didn't have to go and the only thing he could muster was a little bit of pee and a shart roughly the size of a dead tadpole.  Looked like a mud-covered slug and stank like a pug.  So I flip on the old windshield wipers, throw the Sorento into drive and crash through my parents garage.  Flip a U-bang and I start humming to myself ?Silent Night?.  Only problem is I'm sad as hell.

Jake: Yeah, I would be too.

Amir: But I figure hey, 'tis the season who doesn't love a second chance so I swing by the mall and buy my dad a two thousand dollar watch.  Yeah, a gold roly-poly for that oldy-trolly.

Jake: Oh no...

Amir: Oh no is...wrong!  Yeah, turns out gold isn't his color because when I get home the entire house is gutted, empty, and there's a note on what's left of the door that says here died a happy family, RIP, thanks to you, Amir.  Can you believe that?  Callin' me out like that?  Rawdoggin' me in front of my girl.

Jake: So oh no was right, by the way, and, what girl?

Amir: Oh that's another thing.  I brought home a Thai whore just to show my dad that I had a mate in life.

Jake: Why do you want his affection?  It sounds like he's a terrible person.

Amir: He means well.

Jake: No, he doesn't.  How could he possibly mean well?

Amir: How's this for a happy ending?  New Years Eve Eve, December 39th.

Jake: Wrong.

Amir: I get a call from a jail in Fresno saying that they locked my old man up and threw away the key.  I'm alone, not doing anything anyway so I toss on a wig and hoof it down to the 'No to bail his ass out.  He pretends he doesn't even recognize me, his only daughter!

Jake: You haven't been right about any of the things you've said, well, ever.

Amir: I spend another 15K trying to bail him out of that Alabam Slamma' and he tells the bailiff he'd rather rot in hell than owe that son of a bitch coward, me, a fricken' dime.  Wanna know the icing on the cake?

Jake: Not really.

Amir: Me and my dad made up and he's coming to live with me in NYC, the big crapple.

Jake: That sounds like the worst idea ever.

Amir: I thought so too, but he promised to make me a grilled jizz on day one.

Jake: Isn't that just when he knocks you out with a...

Amir: Cast iron skillet, yeah, right to the back of my fricken' face.  But at least I have a dad.

Jake: I have a dad.

Amir: I'm talking about Pat.

Pat: You monster!