(Caption - Previously on Jake and Amir)

JAKE: My brother is going to be here, any second, and I really--

(Kumail sneaks up behind Jake and covers his eyes) 

KUMAIL: Guess who?

(Caption - Slightly less previously on Jake and Amir) 

JAKE: My brother is finally back and I'm happy and he's going to make us both rich.

(Caption - Straight up the latest episode)

JAKE: I'm going camping with Kumail this weekend (Kumail mouths 'No we're not') and I have to go home and pack. 

(Caption - This is Ghostbusters 2, yall)
(Clip of Ghostbuster 2 plays)
(Caption - Stop.)  



INTRO: Jake - Hey, you're watching Jake and Am--

Amir - You said I could do one!

Jake - You're going to cry?

Amir (whining) - Why?



AMIR: How was your weekend?

JAKE: It was good. Camping. So.

AMIR: Oh, rightrightright, you went camping with Kumail, right? How was that?

JAKE: It wa-it was crazy. It was awesome. We-we hiked, we camped, we talked-we talked for hours. He told me that uh, that I turned out to be a really good person.  That he was happy for me.  That he was proud of me.  

AMIR: That sounds awesome, man. 

JAKE: And I caught a fish and Kumail said it was the biggest fish ever.  So...

AMIR: Where's Kumail right now? 

JAKE: He um, he actually had to take off.  Uh, yeah, he went to go get start on that business plan, so, I can guarantee you that I hear from him very soon.  

AMIR: Definitely.

JAKE: Absolutely. 

AMIR: Hey, you're probably camped out, from going camping uh this weekend, but if you wanted to go with me sometime--

JAKE: I'd be down to go this weekend. Again. 

AMIR: Cool. 

JAKE: Hey. Thanks.

(Caption - Somewhere in Miami)

KUMAIL (on phone, in hysterics): What do you mean you're not getting on the plane, Katerina?! I sent - yeah - I sent you the f@#king money, so get on the-- This is not a pretty day(?), princess.  I cannot go back to New York, I burnt all my bridges there, there's nothing there for me in New York. (begging) Please just, please just get on the plane.  I want you to (squeezes the oranges in his hand) GET ON THE F@#CKING PLANE RIGHT NOW!!! 

THE END.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEpxwOcSMl8