INTRO Amir - Hey, you're watching Amir and Jake.

Jake - What?

Amir - Let's just switch it up a little. 

Jake - (scoffs) No. 

Amir - OW. 



(Amir approaches Jake's desk)

AMIR: Blato! 

JAKE: New business card. Nice. 

AMIR: Not just any business card. My business card. 

JAKE: I know. I didn't think you're were carrying around--

AMIR: My business card. 

JAKE: --like some random business card.

AMIR: My business card. 

JAKE: OK, it's blank.

AMIR: (chuckles) It's blank, or is it invisible ink? (pulls out a squirt bottle and sprays card, then starts waving it around) Here we go. (pause) Suddenly, the card comes to life. 

JAKE: Not ye-

AMIR: Not yet! (still shaking card) Not yet. 

JAKE: Don't get mad, you're getting really defensive really early on in this conversation. 

AMIR: It's already starting to work. (continue shaking card throughout conversation)

JAKE: Just chill out. It's not actually. It's pretty slow, it's--

AMIR: It's fast! OK, if you know anything about invisible ink. 

JAKE: I don't.

AMIR: Well I do and this is fast. This is considered lightning fast in the industry. Starting to--

JAKE: OK, well, yeah, I understand that you carry around a spritzer all the time but how is anybody else--

AMIR: What? 

JAKE: I'm in the middle of talking, don't say 'what' to interrupt me, OK? You're--

AMIR: You're mumbling, OK? (makes silly noises with his mouth) 

JAKE: --you're getting, you're getting defensive. How is anybody else going to know to spray the card with water?

AMIR: Well, it's not with water, OK? It's vinegar. (laughs) And the instructions are written   on the card once you've spritz it, oooh, that was tough. 

JAKE: Yeah, that actually was tough. And by the way, nothing has appeared on the card yet. 

AMIR: OK, you're just being a dick because you think this was a waste of $3000. 

JAKE: I would have thought it was a waste if you got it for free.

AMIR: A good business card should one: display pertinent information prominently, two: be simple and clean and three: be easily readable. 

JAKE: I agree. It's weird that you know all that stuff--

AMIR: A GREAT business card should--

JAKE: OK.

AMIR: --one: make you earn that information, two: invisible ink, preferable but not necessary-- 

JAKE: Definitely not necessary. 

AMIR: --and three: leave a lot to the imagination.

JAKE: Nothing showed up yet. 

AMIR: It's showing up.  

JAKE: Try not shaking it. 

AMIR: (stops shaking the card) OK, you know what? You have a lot of dumb ideas too but I don't call you out on them because you're my friend and at least you're trying and I want to see you happy.     

JAKE: All right. You're right. I'm sorry. Hey look, it just showed up. (reads) Tweet at me bitches, you know a player when you see one. 

AMIR: Yeah. 

JAKE: Doesn't have your twitter name. 

AMIR: (pause) Which is fine, right? 

JAKE: That's fine. That's good. That's cool. All right, good talk. What do you say we start the day, huh? 

AMIR: Absolutely. 

JAKE: Let's do it. 

AMIR: Lunch?

JAKE: Uh, it's still 9AM but . . . all right, good talk. Take it easy man. 

AMIR: (softly) Take it easy man. (pause) This could actually work--

JAKE: Go to your desk, man. 

(Amir goes to his desk)

AMIR: Whoa, just got my first business card tweet. 

JAKE: Hey, really? 

AMIR: Yeah, it's from you. (chuckles)

JAKE: What's it say, man? 

AMIR: (reading) Sick card, bro. Wanna do lunch? 

JAKE: So what do you say? We'll get like a business lunch or something. 

AMIR: Don't fucking pity me!

THE END. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMlfn2xgAxc