[Jake, after contemplating it for a while, unravels his scarf to reveal chin strap beard]

Amir: Whoah, nice chin strap beard.

Jake: Whoah, I can still get with girls. That's not the issue.

Amir: Why wear something that people can only compliment sarcastically?

Jake: I missed a spot, I missed one spot, so I said 'fuck it, I'll go with a chinner'

Amir: A chinner?

Jake: Winner Winner Chicken Chinner, yeah! Any questions?

Amir: Why did you do it?

Jake: Not a question.

Amir: Yeah it is.

Jake: Here's a science fact: Chicks dig scars. Or was Ice Cube at the 'Are We There Yet' cast  crew after-party sponsored by Voss Water not stylin'?

Amir:  Do chicks dig chin strap beards?

Jake: Does it matter? 'Cause I can shave it off. Also, it was a joke! I build up a defensive wall so thick you can't get through it with dynamite.  How's that for insecure?

Amir:  I respect you so much but sometimes you make me really sad for you.

Jake: A chin strap for this thin chap make the fat booty go clap. I made out with my nephew. At a house party.

Amir: Sorry, what?

Jake:  I get invited to house parties, is what I'm saying.

Amir: You kissed-You have a, wait- You have a nephew?

Jake: He's a little twerp.  Him and his friends beat the shit out of me and pissed on my jeans.

Amir: What, because of your beard?

Jake: Chin strap. No. I crashed their party and I was j-

Amir: So you weren't invited?

Jake: To their house party? No.

Amir: You said you get invited to house parties.

Jake: Not that one! I get invited to other house parties. I wasn't invited to this one. I get invited to other house parties, ok? Anyway I show up, I'm jackin' all the poon,  they come up to me and they're like 'uh uh dude, you weren't invited, and we're 16'

Amir: And then you made out with him?

Jake:  A little bit, yeah! And I obviously forgot to mention that I was 
Robotripping.

Amir: Robotripping?

Jake: It's called you polish off a bottle of  Robitussin, you wash it down with two pumps of capri sun. I would eat dog shit if Bradley Cooper did it in Limitless.

[Enter Murphy]

Murphy: Hey Jake, can I borrow your copy of Limitless?

Jake: Dude, I'm shaving it.

Murphy: What are you talking about?

Jake: This chin strap, it's obviously a goof, I'm shaving it as we squeak.

Murphy: I don't know man, I think it looks pretty cool.

Jake:  So do I. It does make me look quite 'strapping'

Murphy: Haha, uh, I was joking. It sucks.

Jake: Dude, I was joking too.  Haha. Tell me what to think.  Honestly, because I'll pull the hair out right now if you say the word.

Pat Cassels:  Jesus, Jake, why are you insecure?

Amir: He's not, ok, it's called Robotripping! Have you ever done it? No, probably not because you're too scared to even eat dog shit!

Murphy: Are you crying?

Jake: Dude, he for real! I made out with my nephew.

Amir: He did. At a house party.

Jake: House party. Tell them where it was, dude.

Amir: He kissed him at a house party.

Murphy: You're both crying so much!

Jake: We're beefing.

Amir: We're beefing.

Jake: We're beefing.

Amir: We're beefing.

Jake: We beef.