Intro
Amir: Hey it's Amir and you're watching jake and amir and
Jake: Why are you crying?
Amir: I don't know



Jake: right we got an interview with an actual NFL player. His name is Chris Cooley, He plays tight end for the redskins.

Amir: Ok, that sounds pretty cooley to me

Jake: yeah don't. are you gonna tell that joke in there?

Amir: Amongst others

Jake: Yeah so let me do the talking, K

Amir: let me do the hard hitting questions

Jake: Well his wife in there so let's try to keep the questions..

Amir: HARDHITTING

Amir: (screaming) Jake, Jake this is crazy!

Amir: Caryons or colored pencils?

Chris:Colored pencils

Amir: WHat?

Chris: i like the
scene cuts to amir getting slammed into wall

Amir:AHH

Chris: (Bleep) You little cocksucker

Amir:I don't know what that means (Crying) I'm so afraid

back to interviewing

Amir: Favorite Los Angeles Ram, in order

Amir on Chris' back

Chris: you little prick, i'm a break your neck

Amir: I wanna die, no please

Back to interview

Amir: What's it like to be on a team with such a losing record? Does it 
weigh on you, all the L's and none of the W's

Wife: gasps

Amir getting destroyed

Amir: I can't breath

Wife: (claps) choke him to death honey

Chris: you're about to die

Back to interview

Amir: Cuz you're, a lot of people think that you're the worst player on the worst team.

Back to amir getting destroyed

Amir: I'm gonna die

Back to interview

Amir: Because you can't, can't block and you can't catch. And those are pretty much two big pieces of the puzzle right there

Amir thrown on bed

Amir: Ow (Muffled screaming)

Interview

Amir: I feel like, ok, let's talk about your life. you do a lot of great great stuff off the field but i feel like sometimes you embarrass your family and friends by taking naked pictures of yourself and putting them on the internet! I'm sorry everyone was talking about it

Jake:Oh no

Chris: Excuse

Back to amir on bed and chris jumping onto him

Amir: muffled screams

Amir: You know, oh it's great that your here. I wanted to ask you what 
it's like to be married to such a loser.

jake: hey

Chris: listen you little bleep

Amir:hey, what the hell man

Wife: screams


Cuts to scene with all of them on bed*


Amir: so,you pumped about Mike Shanahan coming in or?