INTRO:

AMIR: (to the tune of Do Re Mi Fa) Doe, Amir, a female mir

JAKE: (with little passion) Ray, a drop of golden--

AMIR: (crying) You said you would at least try!



[Jake is using his computer in the conference room.]

(Amir enters and sticks his head to Jake's)

AMIR: AAAH! Hah, head magnets! Hah. Ah, I was just thinking about our camping trip.

JAKE: Still?

AMIR: It was.. insane.

JAKE: Yes. You were insane.

AMIR: I just lost myself in the wilderness, you know?

JAKE: And I found you, with the park ranger, three days later, unconscious in a stream.

AMIR: (yelling) Ok I was THIRSTY!



AMIR: What are you working on?

JAKE: It's that program I told you about, the Big Brother program. You know it's a good cause, you should sign up.

AMIR: It sounds amazing, I just- I just don't know...

JAKE: If you have the time?

AMIR: No I just don't know.. what it is.



JAKE: You sign up and they pair you with a kid.

AMIR: Can I choose who I get?

JAKE: No.

AMIR: Well I just don't want a stupid one.

JAKE: I already said no.



AMIR: What if I get one, and it can't talk?

JAKE: Please don't call them it.



AMIR: How are you gonna have time to do this with our daily summer barbecue and Yu-Gi-Oh! sessions coming up?--

JAKE: Daily what sessions?

AMIR: What?



AMIR: Oh, maybe I can be your little brother.



AMIR: I'm gonna teach my little bro everything my old man never taught me.

JAKE: Cool.

AMIR: Like how to-- Oh, like how to fill up gas, or how to swing on a swing, or swing a bat, or how to brush.. hair OR teeth--



AMIR: Who do I have to cuss out to get two little brothers, you know?--

JAKE: That wouldn't work.



AMIR: (continuing his list) ...how to impress others, how other can impress you, magic... the Gathering, and just regular magic...



AMIR: (staring seriously at Jake) I'm gonna use the C word.



AMIR: (continuing his list) ...or how to laugh, or how to chew, how to wipe...

JAKE: (wincing out of disgust) You don't have to teach them how to wipe, alright, I think they're like thirteen.

AMIR: Huh ok you're right, too soon, don't force it, UNLESS--

JAKE: N-no forcing.. anything!



AMIR: If I have to pay even one cent to this program then I don't wanna do it, you know?

JAKE: You don't have to pay anything, but that's a terrible attitude anyway.

AMIR: (loudly) Not one...... nickel. (winces in hope of being right)

JAKE: Penny.

AMIR: (yelling) FU--



AMIR: (rapping) Alright let's say day one doesn't go according to plan, so I plan to ditch this little bugger, is that kosh?

JAKE: (imitating Amir's tone) Oh, lemme put in your language: no boy, it ain't kosh!

AMIR: (rapping) Yo, that ain't enough from discouraging me from signing up, messin' up his little life--

JAKE: (loudly) Well it SHOULD.



AMIR: Oh my gosh, look at us. (laughing) We're in the prime of our youth, and we're talking about helping out little kids! We should be getting laid!

(Jake gets up and leaves.)

AMIR: Where are you going? Are you going to get laid? Get me one!

END.