[Amir and Rosie are sitting at a table, Rosie is eating a salad.]

AMIR: Alright it's been five minutes, c'mon let me just call him ernonono here, you text him and then I'll text him and then we'll figure ou-- you're not- so you're not even a little bit concerned, he went to the bathroom over f-- 

JAKE: (from off-screen) Hey

AMIR: aahh, hey!

(Jake enters and sits down at the table) 

JAKE: Sup.

AMIR: uh.. hahahah, Rosie was telling me a joke about how I can dunk.. it's (silly voice) nuts!

ROSIE: I wasn't

AMIR: (silly voice) It's nutso!

JAKE: Cool. I actually just took one of those shits where you don't have to wipe at all. Really cool.

ROSIE: Hah! (Amir laughs as well) Those are the best! I love those!

JAKE: Yeah, really good.

AMIR: (laughing) I love those sh- I love that shit!

JAKE: You love those?

AMIR: (laughing) hahyeah they're crazy!

JAKE: And after, after that, I pissed blue. Isn't that weird?

AMIR: (still with a large smile) Yeah. It's so.. I've done that. It's like--

JAKE: You've done that?

AMIR: Yeah, you piss and then it's like, what the?!

JAKE: Eheheh It's like whoa!

AMIR: Yeah it's like you're pouring a highlighter marker down the toilet.

JAKE: Exactly. And to-- instead of washing my hands, I just peeled the skin off of my palm (Amir is disgusted), and I just rinsed it out under the faucet, and I slid it back on like a glove.

AMIR: Yep. Like.. you slide it on like a glove, right? I was gonna say that.

JAKE: You did say that, right after I did. Tell me something crazy that happens to you.

AMIR: Uhhhh

JAKE: Talking about me, so

AMIR: Well the.. I think pissing blue counts. For the crazy thing. (clears throat)

JAKE: Something that I haven't mentioned already. Something just.. happened to you.

AMIR: D-- So no-- the glove thing, and the-- one time, I... yeah I don't know. What?

JAKE: Something.. tell me something, about you, that's crazy.

AMIR: Oh. (laughs). One time when I was a kid, I went ca--

[TEXT: Ten minutes Later]



[Jake is near tears, Rosie is huddled up into a ball, rocking back and forth with his eyes closed. Amir has a solemn look on his face.]

JAKE: (crying) Can I see it?

(Amir smacks his lips.)

END.