INTRO: 

Amir: Hey, I'm Kurt Russell and you're watching Jake and Amir. Thank you Mr. Russell.

END INTRO

Amir: yawns/stretches hits head Ugh, no real work to do Jakey?

Jake: You peed on the server and our internet is down.

Amir: In that order?

Jake: Yes, in that order. 

Amir: So, what are we doing?

Jake: I'm doing a crossword puzzle...

Amir: Okay, two heads are better than one, so we're halfway there. First clue me. George clue me.

Jake: Ugh, Oxford or pup, four letters.

Amir: ...Oxford. 

Jake: Not multiple choice and you're wrong. Okay here's an easy one, three letters what does a lamb say? Not hard man. 

Amir: Uhhh....

Jake: What does a lamb say? 

Amir: Oh, please don't eat me mister, I'm just a lamb..

Jake: Three letters.

Amir: Oh I see, well how many letters per box?

Jake: One

Amir: No, I can squeeze more in there. 

Amir: Can you put numbers in here or just letters?

Jake: Just letters. 

Amir: Really, because it looks like there's a lot of numbers in here already, and oh I see, they correspond with the hints. 

Amir: Alright check my answer please.

Jake: Kay, right off the bat number one across isn't five swastikas. 

Amir: No is...

Jake: Mostly because there's supposed to be four letters...

Amir: Four letters, yeah yeah I squeezed them in see that

Jake: So yeah it's racist

Amir: It's tight

Jake: No it's Racist

Amir: It's tight

Jake: Racist

Amir: It's tight

Jake: Racist.

Amir: singing And I'm on tonight and my hips won't lie and a hi da heda hey..

Jake: Can you please go back to your desk.

Jake: Okay here's the clue, writing system for the blind.

Amir: Seeing eye dogs

Jake: No, obviously not

Amir: What do you mean? You're telling me those dogs can't carry people? They're pretty strong dude.

Jake: I'm saying it's a writing system, not a riding system.

Amir: Ohhh... Try horses.

Jake: Let's try braille

Amir: No..

Amir: Man, I don't know how much longer I can be at your desk, I'm serious.

Jake: Go.

Amir: No haha, I won't be doing that hahaha I was just saying.

Jake: Ow Amir, Ow Amir, you're hurting me.

Amir: So I didn't do the big one, but I completed that small little number in the corner real easy

Jake: Wow, that's impressive. Looks like you typed it.

Amir: Yeah I typed it so, pretty neat

Jake: It has no, no clues at all.

Amir: Yeah there's no clues for the small puzzles so..

Jake: Awesome dude, and it says Fridays solution right up top

Amir: Yeah that was the theme so I'd appreciate if you'd stop with the third degree okay man, I did the small puzzle just say thank you and be on your way, either way I don't give a damn what you..

Jake: 33 down, cobra or boa, blank, blank A, K, E. First letter's gonna be an 'S' so sa, e. 

Amir: Sa, ake. Sa ake. Suh ake. Say what, sa sa..

Jake: S, suh, say what, sa..

Amir: Steak!