Dare

A: Bonjour je le soir je Jacques une Amir

J: You think that was French?

A: Spanish

J : (to Sara) And then I was like F it, yo, I'm all in. And the shit hit.

Sara: Wow that's great. How much did you win?

J: Actually I actually ended up being down 25 cents because it's an arcade and you only get tickets, but I got a shit load of ticke—

A: (Drops blanket he's holding) SUP! You talking about Vegas stories because I have a goodt one. Jake walks into the place completely sw—

J: No no no no no. we weren't talking about Vegas stories, right? We're talking about, um, dares that Amir could do.

A: Ohh Okay. I'm hearing. (cleans glasses)

S: You're listening?

A: I'm -- whatever okay bitch. Just tell me the dare and watch me go

J: Do you know who Amanda is?

A: No

J: K, well she works here, she sits over there and we were thinking that it might be really cool, fun, if you just walked over and kissed her on the lips

A: Well, I'm cool and fun, so check this out. (walks off)

(Pops back in frame) Jake fucked a stripper. Sorry. You interrupted me earlier and I just wanted to get that out there before the dare

(to Amanda) yeah so I don't know , I jet ski a lot so--- (incoherent talk)  a little bit of that going on. Who whats that? (points, Amanda looks, Amir swoops in, Amanda turns back, Amir retracts) Uahh (goes back in, knocks her over)

Amanda: Agh, What the fuck?! (falls over backwards)

(Amanda is pushed by in wheelchair)

J and S: ...Hey, Feel better, good luck tonight..

A: Wow, that...was..AWESOME!!  AGHHH! You guys owe me so much money. PAYUP! Pay the man!

J: We never said we were going to pay you anything. And, you really hurt Amanda.

A:Hurt her?...what are you talking abou—

S: Yeah she's in a lot of pain, okay? I feel really bad.

J: A lot of pain? She can't feel her legs, that's the opposite of pain, right bro? (reaches for a Jake Hi Five, no response)

J: Okay look. New dare, alright. I dare you to not tell anyone anything about the last dare and it was all your idea.

A: ...It was all my idea? Oh, okay I see what's going on here. I'm about to knock TWO DARES out of the park, IN ONE DAY! UGH! (Reaches for another Jake High Five, Jake meekly responds, Amir slaps Jake's butt)