INTRO

AMIR: Hello, 'tis the season to watch Jake and Amir! [in a lower register, as Jake] Nice. [singsong] Thank you!



[Amir is at his desk, and has Jake on video chat on his computer.]

AMIR: ...So...?

JAKE: You called me. It's not my job to start a conversation.

AMIR: Oh, my Thanksgiving? Of course! I'll tell you everything. [chuckles] I was excited to see my loved ones and enjoy a festive meal. Unfortunately, nothing went according to flan! [holds up flan on a plate, laughs at his own joke, and then drops it on his desk] Anyway, listen to this boar shit! I get home Thanksgiving Eve Eve, and I don't know if it's the excitement or the fact that I haven't showered in a couple of... evers, but I develop a zit the size of a gumball on my forehead! I think it's inconvenient, sure, but when I woke up to my dad trying to lance and drain the bitch with a toothbrush he sharpened like a shiv, I'm equal parts appalled and dumb! The vain diva! He said my blemish would ruin everyone's appetite and holiday. So I says to him, I says, straight up, "Look, I don't have to have dinner with you guys. Frankly, I don't want to have dinner with you guys. But I gotta eat something, or I'm gonna be hangry." That's hungry and angry. So he sits silently for a spell, right, and I see something wash over him, this quiet serenity, and I realize this dingbat's gonna lock me in the room! That's the split-second we both charge for the door, and maybe I knock him off course, or maybe he frickin' slipped on the oil dripping from the golf-ball-sized zit, but the roach barrels headlong into the door jamb, and he's out cold. I'm talking frigid, frigid cold. His body is ice, his pulse is... is not. Keep in mind, my old man's forty-two, so at this point, him being dead is no bueno. No bueno at all. So I, I get down on my knees and I pray that the CPR that I saw on an episode of House M.D. on somebody else's TV on an airplane five years ago fucking registered with me! That's right, I'm pumping his chest, leaning in, giving him deep mouth-to-mouth, tongue and all, and having never performed or understood the maneuver, going on just what friggin' Hugh Laurie did on the show, and my daddy's not having any of it. He starts kicking and screaming, and I shout "Hold still or you're a dead! You're an absolute dead!" and he-- of course, he takes that the wrong way, I mean look at me! [breaks down into cackling] He reaches down into his pocket, all of a sudden, Papa's [suddenly singing] all about that Mace, 'bout that Mace, no bubble. As in he burst my bubble, when he realized I wasn't the George-Clooney-shaped hero that he hoped I was when he P-sprayed me in the face! The noxious liquid, of absolute course, does nothing to help the zit situation, or zituation for short, and the thing swells up to the size of a tennis ball, throbbing, pulsating, and yes, eventually speaking. Unintelligent squeaks at first, but gaining intelligence by the nanosecond, a full-on sentient staph infection, methinks! My dad gets one look at this horror show, and, and-- and of course he dives out of the window, presumably to his death, but probably not, because my, my room's in the basement. I look in the mirror, and the zit, speaking in tongues at this point, though I understand, demands that I feed it. To a regular human, it's: [makes grotesque noises from his throat] --to me, it's: "Feed me, feed me, feed me!" [laughs] So I march downstairs on the pimple's order and begin using the turkey syringe thing, the, uh... the, the, you know, the little ear-bulb thing, the, uh, the... [as if Jake had said something] ...right, the baster. And I'm squeezin' and suckin', feeding and pouring the gravy on the zit, feeding the zit gravy, like it's the opposite of volca-- of a volcano, and it grows, both in size and anger. Finally, the bitch is so big, I'm beginning to think I'm a growth on it, and not the other way around! I mean, at this point, it's borderline comical! So naturally, I throw up my hands and I laugh. Which is right when my dad comes in and sees this-- I mean, I-- how can you describe this as, as anything else but a burlesque show? It really is a burlesque show! And he starts chuckling to himself, and I'll share credit with the evil whitehead, but I got to admit, I'm feeling not bad, because this is the first time, probably ever, that I've seen my dad smile. We go to high five, he misses, probably on purpose, and boom! He hits my zit/boil/Lord and Savior, and boom goes the dynamite. The noise is deafening. And what an explosion! Oh, the humanity! I mean, the entire room is covered in pus and gravy. It looks like... it looks like the inside of an unnatural cave, just stalactites and stalagmites of, of, of, of, of, of this, this, this, this, this, this mucus. This, this pussy, mucusy gravy. So I look-- I look at my old man, this, this forty-two-year-old raisin of a prune at this point, and I go, "So, uh... who wants pizza?" [laughing] He starts laughing so hard... he faints, and then my mom is also passing out, because of the, uh... the pus everywhere is steamy hot, so she's sort of suffocating on the moisture, and she faints too, and then just before I pass out, I have this thought, this, this fleeting thought, I'm like, uh... "How the hell did I turn out so normal?" [pauses, sighs, then waves his hand at the screen] Y'ello? Can you hear me?

[Throughout Amir's entire story, Jake has been ignoring him, occupying himself instead by texting, peeling a sticker off of a thermos, and even leaving to get chips at one point. Until the present moment, Amir has been too immersed in his own story to notice.]

JAKE: Yo! Hey, um, sorry. I muted you, in case you told a story that made me sad.

AMIR: Oh! No wonder you didn't... [holding up the flan] you didn't laugh at the flan joke.

JAKE: I heard the flan joke. That was when I muted you. It was a bad joke.

AMIR: No, you... you, uh... you liked it. [laughs, pauses] You liked it.



END