INTRO Amir - (holding his nose) Operator. How can I direct your call?

Jake - Just do the intro

Amir - I'm sorry, wrong number.



AMIR: Hey Jake, if you wanted to hang out tonight -

JAKE: I don't. 

AMIR: Well if you did, I can't cos I'm taking a rock climbing class.

JAKE: Ok.

AMIR: But, if you wanna hang out tomorrow -

JAKE: I don't.

AMIR: I can't either.

JAKE: I didn't say I couldn't, I said I don't want to.

AMIR: Cos I'm taking a cruise around Manhattan, so....

JAKE: Real quick, you gotta stop winking at me, alright?

AMIR: We could do it Thursdayyyyy... yeahh right! Haha! Unless you actually wanted to take the ice sculpting 
class with me which should be fine cos that's sort of a two person thing...

JAKE: Why are you signing up for all these classes?

AMIR: Cos I love to learn, I love to yearn and most of all I love to make money.

JAKE: Really thought that third thing was going to rhyme.

AMIR: Yeah so did I. Tried to, failed, no big deal. It's not like you noticed.

JAKE: I did notice, I called you out on it. How much money have you spent on these "deals"?

AMIR: Spent or saved?

JAKE: Spent.

AMIR: 21,000 dollars.

JAKE: Oh my god, give me your credit card.

AMIR: But I've saved 40,000 which means I've made -

JAKE: No it doesn't.

AMIR: - 100,000.

JAKE: Bad math. Bad logic. Just cos you're saving money doesn't mean you're making money.

AMIR: Ok, this is an assault on my character.

JAKE: Yes.

AMIR: You're just jealous that you haven't signed up for dailydizzydinkydeals.com. With deals this dinky, dizzy, 
deal with ezeze wit de with deals this dizzy and dinky you'll find out... UH I forgot the slogan!

JAKE: Not your fault, man, that's a really hard slogan to remember.

AMIR: No, it is my fault, I thought of the slogan. It's my cousin's site.

JAKE: Then it is your fault, you're right.

AMIR: With deal... ok with dinky deals this daily, no with daily deals di-is oh fu-! Ah! It's like... no, it's once you 
say it once you always remember it, ok? It's like a lockbox like that.

JAKE: You must've said it once.

AMIR: Yeah I know, and I freakin' lost the lockbox too, so the metaphor doesn't hold. Don't say that the slogans 
bad.

JAKE: Ok, well chill out man, you're wasting a lot of money.

AMIR: Says the guy who dropped out of college!

JAKE: Hey, c'mon...

AMIR: Cary!

JAKE: What are you doing?

AMIR: What? I said - 

JAKE: I opened up. I confided in you.

AMIR: I was mad.

JAKE: And yeah. You're using it against me.

AMIR: I won't do that.

JAKE: How's it make me feel? 

AMIR: I -

JAKE: Bad.

AMIR: Yeah.

JAKE: Like I don't want to tell you things.

AMIR: Ok then, I won't say it anymore.

JAKE: Alright, well. Don't like get annoyed at me like I should stop lecturing you like you're - Are you still buying 
stuff?

AMIR: You don't get it man, ok? These deals are so dinky and daily that every... ok... every daily dinky deal this 
dis-

JAKE: You're not gonna remember the slogan, just don't try it.

AMIR: How about this, ok? With daily deals this dinky you'll drop out of college.

JAKE: Just drop it!

AMIR: Yeah you dropped it. You dropped out. Dropped out of school.

Jake gets up and walks away.

AMIR: Come on man, come back. Hey! I was- Don't. Thursday: me, you, ice sculpting. Don't drop out of this 
class too man!

Episode Link