JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.

AMIR: I thought we got fired.

JAKE: Right. Don't overthink it.

AMIR: Okay.



[Jake and Amir are working at their desks. Amir stops typing, pulls out a red "Make America Great Again" baseball cap, and puts it on.]

JAKE: Oh no.

AMIR: Oh yeah! Oh hell yeah, actually!

JAKE: Please don't do this.

AMIR: Why? Who are you voting for, ya ya ya frickin' Muslim?

JAKE: Shhh.

AMIR: Oh my God-- oh sorry, gosh. [laughs] You left-leaning libtards are so politically correct. Okay, this is why we've gotta trump that--

JAKE: Shut up. Do not, obviously, say that.

AMIR: [mouthing] --bitch. Bitch.

JAKE: Shut up. Stop it. Don't even mouth it to me. What makes you like Donald Trump?

AMIR: [laughing] The pussy video was pretty funny.

JAKE: So you think that's a positive. He's bragging about sexual assault.

AMIR: It was locker room talk. You know how locker rooms talk?

JAKE: Locker rooms don't-- do you think a locker room was saying that on the video?

AMIR: Yeah! Exactly right. And by the way, Trump wants to put a lid on immigration, illegal or otherwise, which I actually like as a moron with high standards.

JAKE: You remember you weren't born in America, right?

AMIR: Bite your tongue!

JAKE: It's not a bad thing. Where do you get these opinions?

AMIR: I'm speaking with myself, number one, because I have a very good brain, and I've said a lot of things.

JAKE: That's one of the worst sentences, I think, that's ever been said.

AMIR: Joke's on you. It's actually a Trump quote, verbatim! [laughs] Caught!

JAKE: I think the joke's on you.

AMIR: Let me ask you this: what do you like about Crooked Shillary Rotten-- Rod-en, Rodden, Clit-torn--

JAKE: Shh, no, stop. She's the most qualified candidate.

AMIR: Wrong.

JAKE: She cares about women's issues.

AMIR: Rotten.

JAKE: She believes that climate change is a real threat, not a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese.

AMIR: And the, um, um... the emails?

JAKE: The emails?

AMIR: Yeah, the the-the-the-the-the... the emails? Ya stuttering dumb.

JAKE: I didn't stutter, you did. And it's fine.

AMIR: You're okay with her sending secret shit? About me and you, and then archiving them for later, or sending them to the trash--

JAKE: You think-- sorry, do you think we were the subject matter of the emails? I don't think you understand what the email issue was.

AMIR: I'll tell you what the email issue was: voter fraudulency.

JAKE: So not the emails.

[Amir pauses.]

AMIR: ...Donald Trump is gonna knock the crap outta ISIS. Hillary Clinton, erstwhile, won't even say "radical Islam". I mean that right there is enough for, for me to grab my pussy with joy!

JAKE: Do not say that word anymore.

AMIR: Hillary is actually ISIS. And Benghazi. And, furthermost, she is in jail.

JAKE: She's in jail?

AMIR: Uh-huh!

JAKE: You realize there was already a congressional hearing, right? There was an investigation, by--

AMIR: [interrupting] Bill Clinton!

JAKE: ...What does that have--

AMIR: Whattadattada-do? I'll tell you whattadatta-hadda-do.

JAKE: You know I'm not talking like that, right?

AMIR: He's a disaster, and Bill Clinton is Hillary Clinton. So... I don't know if I mentioned that earlier.

JAKE: Nothing you say is true.

AMIR: It doesn't matter what's true, it matters what's entertaining! Okay? In fact, lies are better than truths, because people talk and tweet about the lies! Okay, truths are boring, but lies have eyes! And the ayes have it! Yeah, it's not about who's populist, it's about who's popularrr! It's like, you don't even understand how to win in Florida! And by the way, we're winning! We're winning big in Florida!

JAKE: No you're not. Hillary's leading in Florida.

AMIR: That's because the polls are frickin' rigged!

JAKE: Are the polls rigged or are you winning? Because you're claiming both.

AMIR: I really think that the polls are either rigged or they're right, and it's crazy to think, I mean, because this girl-- this woman, sorry, this "candidate", this disaster, is rigging the whole frickin' system! That's why we call her Lyin' Ted--

JAKE: No you don't.

AMIR: --that's why we call her Low-Energy Jeb--

JAKE: Never did that.

AMIR: --and she hasn't done anything right, except for the fact that she's rigged the system against my client, and you know what? He's still shellacking her in the polls! The polls are rigged and he's still winning in a landslide!

JAKE: Why is your voice reaching this octave, like way up here?

AMIR: And guess what? SNL's making fun of him too. Explain that!

JAKE: ...Fine. You hate Hillary. But what does Donald Trump, the rich business--

AMIR: Deals.

JAKE: ...Excuse me?

AMIR: Sorry, I'll let you finish, but the answer's gonna be deals.

JAKE: You are gonna let me finish? What has he contributed to the--

AMIR: It's gonna be good deals, let's hear what the question is.

JAKE: You said-- ...What has he contributed to society--

AMIR: Good-- [Jake holds his hand up.] I'll let you finish your question.

JAKE: You haven't let me finish it yet. Let's see if you just can't talk, for one second.

AMIR: So go. Okay.

JAKE: What has he contributed--

AMIR: Good deals. Sorry. Continue.

JAKE: Okay. You're saying deals. Just, quiet. I heard--

AMIR: Yes. I haven't said it yet, I'm waiting for--

JAKE: You did say it, a lot of times. Alright, what has he contributed to society to make it a better place, and make you trust his vision for America?

AMIR: ...He makes good deals. He actually makes the best deals, and that's coming from him, so you know that it's good!

JAKE: He lost nine hundred and sixteen million dollars in a single year. How is that... how is that good at business?

AMIR: It's good at taxes!

JAKE: It's good? It's good to lose a billion dollars?

AMIR: It really is good. Nobody knows more about taxes ever than Donald Trump, and he says it's good, so I'd--

JAKE: You know what? Fine. What are your feelings on his running mate, Mike Pence?

AMIR: He's fine.

JAKE: Paul Ryan.

AMIR: Disaster.

JAKE: David Duke.

AMIR: Fine. A little right of center, but fine.

JAKE: President Barack Obama.

AMIR: Muslim. Kenyan. Disaster.

JAKE: Vladimir Putin.

AMIR: Strong. Fierce. Hot.

JAKE: Hot?

AMIR: Strong. Fierce.

JAKE: What did you say though?

AMIR: Fierce and strong.

JAKE: The la-- you said three adjectives.

AMIR: Hot.

JAKE: Got it. Hillary Clinton.

AMIR: Disaster, Bill Clinton, disaster.

JAKE: John McCain.

AMIR: Weak. I like heroes that weren't caught.

JAKE: ...9/11.

AMIR: Fine-- I mean, bad, obviously, but compared to the disaster that is Bill...ghazi... Clinton, it's not that bad.

JAKE: Are you registered to vote?

AMIR: Registered to what now?

JAKE: Okay, good.

AMIR: ...Oh! [laughs, flips the hat around] I might actually be a Bernie bro!



END