Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir

Amir: I told you we could be naked!

Jake: Oh my god get out

Jake: Well this was supposed to be an intervention, but i guess no one like you enough to show up.

Amir: Oh

Jake: Don't act smug, I know that hurt.

Amir: Is it something I said, or did?

Jake: I mean both. You've been rubbing everyone the wrong way for the past four or five years.

Amir: Yeah, that explains why everybody's been acting coy to me since 2003

Jake: Not coy, it's not coy, they hate you

(Penis Anthony Hudson enters)

Doobs: Is he dead yet, or is it not that kind of intervention

Jake: What kind of interventions do you go to?

Doobs: (laughing)

Amir: What are you doing here, Doobs?

Doobs: I RSVP'd to this intervention one year ago today, on E-vite

Jake: Impossible, I didn't have an E-vite for this intervention, I just decided to have it last week.

Amir: So quiet up, Huddy!

Doobs: You can't call me that any more, A-Weird. 

Amir: No!

Doobs: Yes! Because of three seconds ago I have litterally changed my name yet again to Penis Dickling, The Goose! (Howls)

Jake: That's not a goose noise

Amir: Now how am I to make fun of him?

Jake: I don't know, Penis is still pretty bad, I mean dickling is awful

Amir: Mr Goose

Doobs: Grrr, Curse you!

Jake: That's the nicest thing he could have called you.

Doobs: Never matter, we're not here to discuss myself, or the millions of films I've now been cast in. We're here to talk about A-Weird and his father, and his father's tiny, spindly, sticky little legs.

Jake: Wait a second, films?

Doobs: Oh you haven't heard? I am now officially, and universally, a famous actress

Amir: whoah, short shorts

Jake: You know I really hope you just misspoke.

Doobs: I didn't. I've been casted as the fem fatal in the brilliant film A bridge over river Queer. Yes, you heard that. How do you like that range, even Thomas Hanks hasn't played a woman, and he's a MTV award nominee!

Jake: Okay, I don't think you're right about either of those things.

Amir: Yes he is!

Jake: No he's not!

Amir: Yes he is!

Doobs: No, I'm not. Tell me, do you have a CD-ROM drive?

Jake: No

Doobs: What?

Jake: We don't have a CD-ROM drive.

Doobs: Meaning?

Jake: Meaning they're old and out of date, we don't have one.

Doobs: Then what the hell is this? (Picks up a phone)

Jake: It's a telephone.

Doobs: Okay, and these?

Jake: Books

Doobs: Well then wheres you're CD-ROM drive?

Jake: We'd We don't have one!

Doobs: How many gigabytes does you're company own?

Jake: How is that relevant?

Doobs: You're not a tycoon, you're whole job is a lie!

Jake: What are you talking about?

Doobs: (Angrily) Give me your CD-ROM drive!

Jake: We have a DVD player!

Doobs: What is that?

Jake: It plays DVDs, are you serious?

Doobs: Meaning?

Jake: Meaning it plays DVDs

Doobs: Level with me, this has an MPEG 4 on it, can you play it?

Jake: Probably, just put it in the DVD player, okay, we'll see.
 (Doobs turns and throws the CD into a DVD player)

Amir: Wow

Jake: Insane!

Doobs (On screen, dressed as a woman): New York city 1995, BC.

Jake (IRL): Wow Doobs this looks awful

Amir (IRL): Shh it's brilliant.

Jake (IRL): How could you say that?
(Amir poiints at the screen, as he walks on dressed in a green nightie. The background to the film is the Eiffel tower)

Amir (On Screen): Hello, Mrs Doobs!

Doobs (On Screen): Hello peasant

Amir (On Screen) : No!

Jake (IRL): I get it.

Doobs (On screen): Today we make history, much like your father tried to make history with me

Amir (On screen): Stop.

Doobs (On Screen):A million years ago when he tried to hug me

Amir (On Screen): Don't!

Doobs (On Screen): and smooch me

Amir (On Screen): No!

Doobs (On Screen): A thousand time in one day!

Amir (On Screen): No, you're off script!

Doobs (On Screen): and I let him!

Amir (On Screen): Gahhh, I'll kill you!

Doobs (On Screen): I challenge you to a wrestling match!
(They fight on screen)

FOUR HOURS LATER

(Jake stands up and leave, Amir and Doobs are clapping)
Amir and Doobs(IRL): It's brilliant Brava, Brava, Brava!

(On screen Amir and Doobs are also clapping)
Amir and Doobs (On Screen): Brava, Brava, Magnificoal!

Amir and Doobs (IRL): Brava!
(Amir blows kisses, Doobs laughs)