Amir: Laugh you're alive!

Jake: ...OK, anyway you're watching Jake and Amir.

Amir:...alive!



Amir: OK, you know what? I don't get it. Because stay-at-home mom is the politically correct term.

Jake: Right, but you yelled Stay at home mom and you were talking to my mom.

Amir: I will never understand the..Holly shit Doobs is here!

Jake: What?

Doobs:Hello Amir

Amir: Doobs.

Jake: Doobs?

Doobs: My name is Penis Anthony Doubineux.

Jake: And the nickname you gave him to make fun of him was Doobs?

Doobs: Pretty funny right? It's like his last name but shorter.

Jake: What's he doing here?

Doobs:I, Penis Anthony Doubineux...

Jake: We heard your name.

Doobs: ...was next door neighbors with Amir while growing up. 
And although his father managed to kiss a lot of people, on the mouth...

Amir: No!

Doobs:...and move around everywhere, Amir managed to make my life a living hell.

Amir: So why are you here Doobs?

Doobs: I finally made it. Not for twenty minutes ago I have officially auditioned for a Broadway musical.

Jake: Wow, did you book it?

Doobs: We won't know for a couple of weeks, but they flat out told me, in the room: Nooo!

Jake: So you do now right now. Why did you come here?

Doobs: To tell Amir that I made it.

Jake: As what? A failed actor?

Amir: As someobody with the audacity and heart to go after what they love.

Jake: wait, why are you taking his side now?

Amir: cause he's got moxie. You know what moxie is? (Points towards his groin)This is moxie!

Jake: That's your dick!

Amir: I wish I had a fork and a knife to eat every single word I've ever spoken to you but instead all i have are this chopsticks...

Jake: How?

Amir:...so I'm just gonna eat the big words and eventually I'll shamefully ask for a spoon and scoop the small words into my mouth.

Jake: Why are you so jealous of him? You have a good job.

Amir Yeah but i don't have the nootsack to audition for a legit Broadway musical.

Jake: You've auditioned for many musicals.

Amir: Oh, Cats doesn't count.

Jake: Penis, what did you auditioned for?

Doobs: Cats!

Amir: Mhh! That hurts.

Jake: OK you know what? Maybe you guys don't hate each other because you are so different, but you, in fact, hate each other because you're actually really...

Doobs and Amir: No! No! No!

Jake: OK, alright...(Gets attacked by Doobs)