INTRO

MURPH: You're watching Jake and Amir.

EMILY: Mmm, that was so hot, babe.

JAKE: You guys can't hook up in the booth.

AMIR: They are!



[Jake, Neko, Murph, and Emily are seated at the table. Amir finishes distributing the meals.]

AMIR: Welcome, hello, bruchim habaim, and bon giorno, to a culinary experience from all around; our globe... Carpe diem! Seize the fish. Heh! No, tonight we're having carp.

MURPH: Nice.

AMIR: [imitating a record scratching] Wrickee wrickee-- scratch that. We are having branzino.

EMILY: Neko's a vegan. She BBM'd me.

AMIR: Okay, um... uh, she can have the... bed of arugula-- like, I don't know what to do at this point; I'm sorry.

MURPH: It's okay, but-- hey, Jake, uh, if your date had dietary restrictions, you really should have emailed us ahead of time. That would've been polite.

JAKE: I--... just met her, so I wouldn't know anything about her dietary restrictions, right?

MURPH: Well, you just threw him a curveball that he can't hit, and I kind of need tonight to go perfectlyyyyyyyyyy...

[Murph holds his hands up, his right between Emily and his left, so only Jake can see the ring he's already wearing.]

JAKE: [whispering] Okay, I saw it, put it away...

[Murph holds his right hand closer to Emily, she kisses his palm, and he lowers his hands again.]

JAKE: [whispering] Good save.

AMIR: Uh... it's fine. It's fine. Neko, um, do you eat beef? Or, do you not, because you're a fucking vegan now, all of a sudden-- I can't-- I'm sorry.

[Amir walks off. Murph gets up to follow him, and shoots Jake a look of disappointment.]

JAKE: That's not on me, right? ...Buddy? Okay.

[Murph goes to talk to Amir just outside the dining room. Amir is chugging a glass of pinot grigio.]

MURPH: Hey, c'mon, c'mon. Easy on the grig', easy on the grig'.

AMIR: [ranting rapidly, barely retaining any semblance of composure] I just can't believe she fucking did that to me like that. And in the middle of a fucking meal? What kind of timing is that?

MURPH: I know. It's Jake's fault. It's Jake's fault. He raw-dogged us, he did-- you're blinking a lot--

AMIR: Yeah, he raw-dogged me, h-- I feel like he bent me over a table and dogged me raw or something. He raw-dogged me! Yeah.

MURPH: That's exactly what he did. He just took us and he just fuckin' took his dry-ass little dick and he just shoved it in our raw buttholes.

AMIR: Yeah, and he did it raw! That's the worst part. I feel like if he lubed me up-- okay, fine. That's one thing. Whatever. Moist: it slides right in-- Yeah! Just spit. [makes a spitting noise] Slides right in, slides right out; it doesn't hurt that much. But for him-- for him to raw-dog us like that?

MURPH: [simultaneously] Alright. Right; spit-- just spit on it. That's all I'm asking. Just spit-- just one. Right. That's fine.

JAKE: Hey-- you guys know I can hear you, right? This was not my fault--

MURPH: It was his fault!

AMIR: It was.

MURPH: But you're ready for this, okay? You can handle it.

AMIR: Yeah.

[Murph pats Amir on the shoulder.]

MURPH: Go!

[Back in the dining room, Emily is staring at Jake and sensually licking a piece of fish she's holding with her bare hands.]

JAKE: You know, that's not hot. Your hands probably smell like fish now.

MURPH: [returning to the table with Amir] Whoa ho ho! Nobody touch their dinner until I post this to Pinterest. This is the most pinteresting thing I've seen all week. [he leans over Jake's shoulder] Jake, you're gonna re-pin that, right?

JAKE: I'd have to sign up for an account.

MURPH: Good, so you'll do that?

JAKE: Yeah. You know what? When I go home tonight, I'll sign up for an account.

MURPH: I'd feel much more comfortable if you'd just do it now.

JAKE: [whispering] Not this second, okay?

MURPH: [whispering] Jake, don't fuckin' embarrass me at my house, dude.

[Jake grabs his iPhone.]

JAKE: It's not gonna let me do it from my phone.

MURPH: Here.

[Murph procures a green iPad from somewhere, and hands it to Jake.]

JAKE: This is insane, that you're making me do this.

MURPH: Don't talk to me.

JAKE: Okay. I'm on Pinterest. Here, just re-pinned it.

EMILY: Babe, make sure that he pins some other stuff. Otherwise it'll look like a dummy account.

MURPH: She's right... Fuck it, let's browse!

JAKE: Fuck what? Dinner? The date?

EMILY: Babe, make sure that he shows his feminine side but also his masculine pride.

MURPH: Ya gots to! Yo, that kale smoothie looks dope.

JAKE: Are we still on a date? Is this even still a date? Because I'd feel like I was missing out if Neko had said anything to me, ever! Neko! ...Neko! Come on.

AMIR: All right! So, this is a most interesting little dish; it's sort of a palate-cleanser in terms that it's a spinach hazelnut salad with onions, olives, and a citrus balsamic vinaigrette.

[As Amir describes the salad, Emily smiles slyly and runs her foot up Jake's leg under the table. Jake shakes his head, but Emily nods back. Jake points at Murph, who's still standing over his shoulder, and mouths He's your boyfriend, then pushes her foot back down away from him.]

AMIR: I know what you're thinking: Salad in between the meals? Well, we sort of had a... special little customer who needed a special little salad, so here we are.

EMILY: Neko's allergic to nuts. [kicks Jake under the table]

AMIR: Is she! Okay, Neko, how 'bout this? How 'bout you [Amir begins furiously dismantling the salad with his hands, throwing hazelnuts onto the floor] eat, around, the, nuts? How 'bout that, Neko? Huh? ...Sorry, it--

MURPH: Hey hey, focus up, I need your feedback on this pin: pink aztec dress, or cupcake kebabs? I can't pin 'em both.

JAKE: Why not?

MURPH: You don't get a say! You don't get a say.

JAKE: This is my account! These are my pins!

[Emily uses her feet to rip Jake's shirt off and drag it under the table.]

JAKE: 'Ey-- Weak!

MURPH: Oh, ho ho! I didn't realize we were poppin' shirts; I was gonna wait until after the gelato, but... you only YOLO once!

[Murph begins undressing.]

JAKE: We're not popping shirts, and that's not the phrase.

EMILY: [also disrobing] Let's play spin the bottle.

[Amir, having taken off his tux, begins pouring out a nearly-full bottle of wine onto the floor.]

AMIR: Hey, I got the bottle!

JAKE: Hey, I brought that.

AMIR: I'm doin' you a favor, bro!

[Everybody laughs but Jake.]

MURPH: Ha ha ha! Nice! Pour it out!



To Be Continued...