INTRO:

JAKE: Hey, you're watching J--

AMIR: Hey, guess what you're watching Jake and Ami--

JAKE: We agreed I was gonna go!

AMIR: Oh, yeyeyeah.



[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks. Amir is drinking out of a Styrofoam cup. Jake is listening to his headphones.]

(Jake takes off his headphones, revealing that he is wearing stud earrings.)

JAKE: Woo!

AMIR: Holy shit you're wearing earrings.

JAKE: Holy shit you're a loser!

AMIR: Why did you do that?

JAKE: You not liking it validates it as a good idea!

AMIR: I didn't say I didn't like it. I just said why are you doing that.

JAKE: Two studs for the price of gun! BING! (flicks his ear) OW! F- Dammit, why would I flick it?!

AMIR: What happened?

JAKE: They're still tender as the night and twice as gay-- NOT gay, not gay,, get with it, Hurwitz. I'm like, repeating that shit the dude yelled at me on the bus this morning.

AMIR: Someone yelled at you on the bus this morning?

JAKE: Yelled at me, then like boxed my ears. Pretty much got a standing-O, forcing me off the bus. I was gonna walk home, but I was like fuck it, I'm afraid to be alone.

AMIR: You know they're actually kinda fly.

JAKE: If you think they're fly now, come meet me at the club in six weeks.

AMIR: Six weeks?

JAKE: Six weeks, that's when I get to upgrade the earrings. I'mma gauge this one out.. to five sixteenths, and on this one's gonna be a giant hoop all the way down to my fucking shoulder blade.

AMIR: Hold on a second, I'm trying to write down how to be cool, but you're talking too fast!

JAKE: Write this down, baby! Spiderweb tat on my elbow, spiderweb tat on my elbow, spider tat on my abdomen, bicep tat of my astro sign, Leo DiCaprio--

AMIR: Heh!

JAKE: --and guess what I'm doing with my lips? ......eatin a pussy.

AMIR: Eena.. pussy?

JAKE: (loudly and articulately) Eating a pussy!

(A female coworker looks over, disgusted.)

AMIR: That's a lot of changes, man.

JAKE: Not even including facial hair.

AMIR: Facial hair?

JAKE: A goatee on top of my thoat-ee makes the girls say ay, papi! Aheh! I made out with my cousin! At a club!

AMIR: Your cousin?

JAKE: Crimson.

AMIR: But you kissed your cousin though.

JAKE: The takeaway here is that I got into Crimson, on a Tuesday, the fourth hardest night to get into Crimson, not including the weekend.

AMIR: So the easiest night to get in, not including Monday--

JAKE: Monday, yeah, but listen I've been rejected on a Monday. Alright you ever give a bouncer a hundred dollar bill up just to see him tear it up right in front of your crying eyes?

AMIR: Being cool sounds hard, maybe I'm just not cut out for it.

JAKE: Trust fam, you ain't. Ok not a lot of people can handle the blinding pain, the crippling insecurity, the constant desire just to- you know what, fuck it! It's not worth it! It's not worth it! Help me get this off! (taking his earrings off)

AMIR: I thought they were cool!

JAKE: They are, ok! I'm just not ready for it!

(Murph and Pat run over to Jake's desk.)

MURPH: Aww, man!

JAKE: What?

PAT: We heard you got your ears pierced, so we came over to make fun of you.

JAKE: Too late, bitches! Unless you guys think it's cool...

PAT: We don't.

JAKE: Which is exactly why I didn't do it! Wow, that was hard!

AMIR: Ok, what do you guys know about being cool, I bet you've never even kissed your cousin at Crimson, huh? Tell 'em Jake!

PAT: You kissed your cousin at a club?--

JAKE: On a Tuesday! On a Tuesday!

END.



(FIRED AD)