Jake: That part's so funny. It's really funny. Go back, play it one more time. The look on your face is priceless. That part's so funny, just rewind it; just watch that one part again. 

Amir: Let me just finish editing the whole thing, and then we'll watch it all. Instead of watching individual part by part, we'll just watch it all at the end. 

Jake: But your face in that one part is just priceless. I have a really good idea; if you just take a screencap of that one part, and then we'll take it into MS paint, and write something like 'Box of  Popcorn: $4.99, Movie from Blockbuster: $2.99, Amir's face at this part: Priceless.' 

Amir: Those have been done. I mean, we're not gonna make a Mentos ad anytime soon.

Jake: Right. When's the last time you saw a face look that priceless?

Amir: The thing is, you can't put a price on faces, so every face, like that face, is priceless. 

Jake: What about this one?

Amir: That face is, like they're all, they're all priceless regardless.

Jake: Give me a price on this face.

Amir: I'm not gonna look.

Jake: Ok, I have a really good idea for a new one, check it. Like take a whole, entire bag of pretzels, and you tear it open and you just put it on your face like (odd gargling noise).

Amir: You know how yesterday, when I was like 'you probably don't get it', like, when you make stuff, like when you make suggestions like that, I'm pretty sure you don't get any of these jokes. Like, what's funny about this one?

Jake: Kites are gay.

Amir: No. It's not it.

Jake: Ask me one and I'll tell you the joke.

Amir: Why is the high-five one funny?

Jake: Because torn is gay.

Amir: No, it's not... the joke is never

Jake: Ok, are you going to deny that torn is gay?

Amir: The joke is never because blank is gay. That's never the joke. It's not because kite is... 

Jake (interrupting): It helps. It helps the joke.

Amir: It doesn't even... it's not even part of the joke.

Jake: Rewind this one.

Amir: Stop! Listen, I come up with the ideas, I edit it, and then you do the other parts.

Jake: What's the matter? Are you tired? I'll do this.