Intro:
Jake: You're watching Jake and Amir

Amir: There are 12 codes throughout this video

Jake: Out of time

Amir: Oh! Gorsh damnit!



Jake, on phone: Yeah, wow man, I mean tell her, tell her I said congratulations. Alright talk to you later.

Amir, cutting Jake off: Get off. Get off the phone. Get off the phone. Get off the phone. Get off the phone. Get off the phone. Get off the phone. Get off the phone. Get off the phone. GET OFF THE PHONE.

Jake, yelling: I'm off!

Amir: Who was that?  That was a weird convo.

Jake: It's my friend Steve from back home ok. His sister just go engaged.

Amir: Oh. My. God. This is (shrieks)

Jake: This is so not relevant to you is what it is.

Amir, giddily: You hear it's like a fairytale right? But when it actually happens to friend's friend's sister, it's just like oh my god! I'm trembling, feel my heart. (extends arm out to Jake)

Jake: What're you...what're you doing?

Amir: I'm sorry, I have to text my parents.

Jake: You don't ever talk to your parents, man.

Amir: Oh you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right! I'm soory, I'm just thinking like a mile a minute now.

Jake: I sincerely doubt that.

Amir: Oh this is so exciting. But do you actually know what's gonna be more exciting?

Jake: Nope

Amir, excitedly: The bachelorette party!

Jake: Relax, please - 

Amir: Oh god, I'm thinking about a male stripper giving blowjob lessons, can you imagine that?

Jake: Ok, so now you're being annoying and disgusting. Just - 

Amir: Oh my God. She has to plan. Does she know where? Does she even have a date? (yelling) Does she even have a bleep date?!

Jake: Probably not, I mean it just happened, ok?

Amir, scoffing: Haha probably not cause it just happened! It just happened!

Ok, you're right. You're right, this is her moment she has to just enjoy it. Tomorrow, we start planning.

Jake: Cool. So you're done for now then?

Amir: Yeah, just oh my gosh! The thought of her having like sex with only one person for the rest of her life. Uuuh I just, I guess this is what they call cold feet right?

Jake: No, I donno man.

Amir: I donno, it's just like everything's one way and then all of a sudden 1 question later, everything's just shwosh, the complete opposite.

Jake: Not for you. Nothing changes for you, it's all just one way.

Amir: She wants a divorce. Oh my God, she wants a divorce!

Jake: She hasn't even gotten married yet, Amir.

Amir: Ok, this is weird for her alright. You don't have to make it worse!

Jake: You know what then, she's divorced. She got a divorce.

(Pause)

Amir: She's made a mistake.