AMIR (talking on cellphone): Uh yes, he's very excited to see you too.  Yeah, he'll be right downstairs. Okay, he'll see you soon, bye. 

[Amir puts down phone]

AMIR: Uhhh...I have to go...away...uh, cover for me for now.

JAKE: Cover for you?

AMIR [walking away]: Thank you.

JAKE: Do you want me to be the one to play Snood all day? Why don't I stop working? Right? It'll be just like you're here. 

[Cut to Amir waiting outside elavator holding cellphone. The elavator doors open and a woman steps out.]

AMIR: Mallory!  

MALLORY: Yes? 

AMIR: Jake's ex-girlfriend?

MALLORY: Yeah, is he here? 

[Amir laughs]

AMIR: No, I said that as a joke to get you over here. 

MALLORY: So...Jake's not coming? 

AMIR: No, Jake's not coming. I was kidding. He doesn't still love you. Get over it. 

MALLORY: There's been a misunderstanding. I need to leave. 

AMIR: Wait! You know Jake better than anyone else in the world other than me. What does one have to do to become better friends with him knowing full well that we're already best friends? 

MALLORY: If you let me leave, I'll tell you. 

AMIR: Interesting...

[Amir steps aside, allowing Mallory to re-enter the elavator.]

MALLORY: Well, Jake always wants what he can't have, so if you act really cold and really disinterested, he'll come to you. 

[Cut to Amir sitting back down at his desk, putting on his jacket hood]

AMIR [rubbing his hands together]: Whew, Is it cold? And distant in here, right? 

JAKE: Nope.

AMIR: No dinner tonight. By the way, no dinner tonight. 

JAKE: What? 

AMIR: I don't want to eat dinner with you tonight.

JAKE: You don't want to eat dinner with me tonight? 

AMIR: No...

JAKE: Not even if I go to McDonald's? 

AMIR: Ergh! The D -- Definitely not interested. 

JAKE: Okay... 

AMIR: Thanks...

JAKE: ...Fair enough.

AMIR [mouthing silently]: But no thanks.

JAKE: You don't want to get dinner? Maybe you want to go away with me this weekend? Going to Boston...chicken nugget festival. 

[Amir grimaces]

AMIR: Auuughh! Why? Why would I want to do do that? Why would I want to go to a chicken nugget festival with you? That sounds terrible.

JAKE: That's fine. We're just going to be eating french fries all day. And you know what? We're not going to be reading any books the entire weekend. 

AMIR [yelling]: Alright I'll fucking go!