Amir: Hey y'all you're watching Texas-sized edition of Jake and...

Jake: Outta time

Amir: Alrighty-hoo.



Amir (sleeping, snoring)

(Jake taking a picture)

Amir: Nooo!

Jake: Yeah, ok? And just so you know, this is what it looks like when you fall asleep at work. And sorry in advance, but I'm tweeting it.

(Amir looks through Jake's phone)

Jake: Hey, c'mon, don't look through my phone, man!

Amir: Oh, wow.

Jake: Oh wow, what!? How are you surprised at something you're not supposed to be seeing?

Amir: How many fedoras did you try on!?

Jake: It's called I tried on one fedora at one store as a joke and my dumb godson saved it to my phone like 90 times.

Amir: No no, these are different fedoras, it's you at different stores.

Jake: Details Magazine says there's no cooler look than an opened up button-down, Hemp Sandals and a fedodo. Or was Jason Mraz in O2 not styling?

Amir: You look so sad in some of these pictures, man.

Jake: GQ says to get ready for the summer starting in February, that way I'm beach-ready and rock-steady and Dora like an Explora I'm rocking that fedora.

Amir: Stop, what are you doing? What do you mean?

Jake: I'm saying: if this were a sit-up competition, you'd be the one that was embarrased right now, not the other way around.

Amir: If you're embarassed by these pictures, how are you ever gonna actually wear the fedora?

Jake: I'm not gonna wear it to work, Yosemite Sam, abba-dee, abba-dee, abba-dee, I'll wear it to a club folks!

Amir: What is wrong with you?

Jake: Oh my god, you don't get sarcasm. These pictures are a goof!

Amir: No.

Jake: These pictures are of you!

Amir: No!?

Jake: Gimme my phone. That's right. Hey everybody, Amir spent every weekend for the last two months shopping for fedoras at every store he could find. J Crew, Hollister, HM, Abercrombie, Forever 21. Where else did I go? Did he go! Pacsun. C'mon, c'mon! See these embarassing pics before I tag them on Facebook.

Amir: Please do not tag them on Facebook.

Jake: Hashtag: douchebag! By the Seashore.

Murph: Haha, nice!

Jake: Here we go.

Murph: Uhm, Jake these pictures are all of you.

Jake: I was re-enacting it, dude. You gotta learn how to be funny. These pictures are of you!

(Amir's sleeping again)