Amir- Thar she blows

Jake- Are you sure? You've been saying that at every single house we've passed

Amir- No, this is it. 255 Mapleville Road. I'm 100% certain of it. Ready to give away a car?

Jake- I am, I just don't want you to get pepper sprayed again
. 
Amir- Uh trust me (unzips hoodie) We're good. Hahaha yeah it just still really hurts my eyes, so don't make me laugh

(Knock on door)

Ellie-Whoa! I won?

Jake- That's right. You just got a free Fiat 500 from our friends at Fiat

Ellie- Yes! This is awesome! 

Amir-(goes to High-five Jake) High-five Bro. 

Jake- Congratulate him, not me
.
Amir- You never high-five me

Ellie- I appreciate the gift, but alas can't keep it. I donate it to Amir

Amir- (looking around) Wow I don't know what to say...umm, yes I accept

Jake- Wait, what?

Ellie- I appreciate the gift, but alas cannot keep it. I donate it to Amir.

Amir- He donates it to me. What don't you get?

Jake- I don't get why he's not taking the awesome, free car.

Ellie- I appreciate the gift, but alas can't keep it. I-

Jake- Right, no I get that alas you cannot keep it

Amir- Alas, dude, alas

Jake- Ellie, right? do you know Amir? 

Ellie- I appreciate the gift, but alas can't keep it. I-

Jake- Ellie, what's your real name?

Ellie- It's Chad man. I'm an actor. Amir hired me to do this

Amir- Don't break character Chad.

Jake- You really gotta hire better actors

Chad- What?

Amir- He can save it

Jake- He can't save it

Chad- I can save it

Amir- What does it matter if he can save it or not? Okay, it doesn't matter if he's an actor. He's donating the car to me. 

Jake- It's not his car to donate. Okay, we have to go to the real winners house

Chad- (yelling as they walk away) I appreciate it. 

(At new house now)

Jake- Ah thar she-

Jake- Don't

Amir- Okay. (start walking up) Actually I'm gonna chill out here. Throw me the keys though? (Jake throws keys, Amir misses)Hello, that was close.

(Both walk up to the house, Amir fakes pushing the call button at the intercom)

Amir- oh, guess he's not here. Let's go back to Chad. (Jake rings button for real, Amir complains)

(Guy walks out and they start clapping)

Amir- Congratulations. You win a car!

Guy- I... Holy... this is fantastic

Amir- This is all real

Guy- I cannot believe this

Amir- Come check it out
Jake- This bright red Fiat 500 is going to take us to Boston, Massachusetts for our show in The House of Blues

Guy- That's pretty, that's pretty cool

Amir- What do you think? What's going through your mind

Guy- This is crazy

Amir- He can't even process it

Guy- It's a mixture of this car actually being here and you guys actually being here

Amir- Yeah, it's all just happening together

Guy- I am actually supposed to be studying for a test right now

Amir- Why don't you take a seat. Soak it all in. Get the new car smell 

Guy- I would love to. (Gets in car) This is like the perfect car for me

Amir- The perfect car!

Guy- I fit perfectly

Amir- He fits perfectly. Everyone would fit perfectly into a Fiat 500.

(Jake pats his back)

Amir- Hey

Jake- What's up?

Amir- You're just constantly touching me

THE END

LINK