[Jake and Amir are driving in a car. Amir is singing/humming loudly.]

JAKE: Can you please just..--

AMIR: (picking up his phone) Oh. Hello? Oh hey, babe! Yeah, we're having a lot of fun! (laughs) Jake had little too much fun last night. (Jake laughs) Gots- Got pretty handsy with some ladies, but.. nothing they couldn't handle. (JAKE: Oh they handled it.) (both laugh.) Yeah. I know- we d- we never talk anymore. I call you, you call me, it's like we're playing phone tag all the time, let's-- let's have a phone date tomorrow, ok? Ok we're gonna be home tomorrow and we can talk then. Ok. Ok bye- Oh you wanna talk to Jake? One second. (handing the phone to Jake) It's your mom.

JAKE: What the f**k!

AMIR: What?



[Jake and Amir are in front of a fountain outside at night, and are talking to the camera.]

AMIR: Alright, so, we are here in Philadelphia; we're tweeting that here at this exact location, and then... instead of taking people to dinner, we're just- we're just gonna order pizza and eat with.. whoever comes.

JAKE: This was my idea.

AMIR: This was my idea.

JAKE: It was our idea.

AMIR: It was my idea and then he said that it was a good idea.



JAKE: Here comes somebody running!

AMIR: Hey!

GUY 1: Am I first?

AMIR: You did it! (laughs)

JAKE: Yeah!

GUY 1: YES!!!

JAKE: Hey.

GUY 1: Ahh, what's going on?

(Guy 1 and Jake hug.)



[A second person has arrived, and music is overdubbed.]

GUY 2: Hey there! (shakes hands with Jake)

JAKE: What's your name?

GUY 2: (not possible to tell; sounds like sar-sar)

JAKE: Jake, nice to meet you.

(Girl 1 enters, shakes hands with Jake while Guy 2 shakes hands with Amir.)

AMIR: How are you doing?

GIRL 2: Please! ..Sorry! Hi!

(Girl 3 enters, shakes hands with Amir)

AMIR: Hi! Oh my gosh!



(Guy 3 runs on.)

GUY 3: OH MY GOD! HAHAHA!



[Amir and Rosie walk towards the group, each holding several boxes of pizza.]

AMIR: Pizza!

(Several people in the crowd react)



[Everyone is eating pizza and talking.]

AMIR: Oh! Somebody else (indiscernible)



[Amir is talking to three fans.]

AMIR: Oh my gosh, thank you.

(The fans continue to talk to him.)



(The camera shows several more shots of people enjoying themselves.)



[Jake and Amir are posing for a picture with some fans.]

JAKE: (presumably to Guy 1) You guys found us! You b-- You're first!

FAN W/ CAMERA: Alright, ready?

AMIR: These are all my cousins!



(A shot of the fans talking.)



JAKE: Everybody, if you just got here, you should be eating pizza! Cuz we have a lot of pizza. And I don't know why you're not eating pizza.



[Two fans are talking to Amir.]

FAN 1: Yo, thanks for the free food, man; I'm really glad we found you, but--

AMIR: Yeah, well.. free-ish, uh, it's free to get here, but then it's $2.50 a slice, so this would be five bucks. (holding up two slices) And trust me, it is worth it!

FAN 1: It's cold, but you said it was free, right?

AMIR: It is cold, but that's what... (gesturing at Fan 2)

FAN 2: (to Fan 1) I'll just- I'll just take care of it

AMIR: He's gonna pay! Exactly, he's gonna pay- it's five bucks!

(Jake enters, putting his hand on Amir's shoulder, startling him.)

AMIR: Ahh! What's up?

JAKE: Are you making them pay for the pizza?

AMIR: No, it's free!

JAKE: You're not?

AMIR: I'm not.

JAKE: (to the two fans) Is he making you pay for the pizza?

FAN 1: Yeah,--

AMIR: Who are you gonna believe, me or them?

JAKE: You lie to me constantly. Why would I- Why would I believe you?

AMIR: That's true. Alright, new-- Jake wins! (to Fan 1) Give him twenty bucks!

JAKE: Not a game.

AMIR: Give him forty! And then I'll- Gimme twenty later.

JAKE: I don't wanna--

AMIR: GIVE HIM FORT--



(The video cuts to black, with the banjo music, and text appears.)

TEXT: Thanks so much to everyone who came out!

TEXT: And to Ford Fiesta for making it all possible!

TEXT: Find out where we'll be by following us on Twitter at: Twitter.com/jakeandamir

TEXT: They're welcome to follow us on Twitter, but we're just gonna be at the office.

TEXT: Tonight's gonna be a good night!

TEXT: Stop.

END.