(caption - Baltimore, Maryland)

JAKE: (checking trunk) Yeah, nothing in here. You sure you put a bag in when we left the office?

AMIR: Oh, you know what? I didn't pack a bag. (laughs) That is so me!

JAKE: Yeah, what are you going to do for clothes?

AMIR: You brought clothes, didn't you?

JAKE: Enough for me. 

AMIR: Yeah, so, when you're done with them, throw them on this hamper. Oh!

JAKE: What about brushing your teeth?

AMIR: It's four days! It's four- How long do you go without brushing your teeth?

JAKE: Six hours.

AMIR: I rather go four days than six hours just 'cause your gums start to get too dependent on it, and then--

JAKE: You're not wearing my clothes.

AMIR: Why not?! Hey, we're the same size!



(caption - Richmond, Virginia)

AMIR: All right, we just tweeted 'across some tennis courts on Carrie and Lyndon'.

(car pulls up and honks)

AMIR: Oh my god, is that them?

JAKE: Yeah. 

AMIR: Is it?

JAKE: Yeah. 

(Jake starts greeting the arrivers) 

JAKE: You got it! 

GUY: Tweet just came in like ten seconds ago! 

AMIR: Oh my gosh, that was so quick. 

(Girl comes running to them)

GIRL: Am I--What number am I?

JAKE: Uh--

AMIR: Oh my gosh, another one!

JAKE: --four.

GIRL: No!

AMIR: I think we have--

GIRL: Can we do like a big lunch or a big dinner?



(in the restaurant, Amir is the only one without food)

JAKE: All right you guys, let eat!

AMIR: Ha-ha, let's not eat yet because I didn't get my food yet! I didn't get my food yet!

JAKE: You didn't get your food yet.

AMIR: You say 'let's eat' and then all a sudden everyone thinks it's like--

JAKE: (to others) It's fine, you can eat. 

AMIR: Hey look! She's eating a pickle!

GIRL#2: It's a pickle. (eats it) 

AMIR: Yeah, it is a pickle. Oh my- 



AMIR: I feel like, ugh, come on man. He's right there. 

JAKE: It's fine, you can take a bite.

AMIR: I feel like I'm playing like whack-a-mole (motioning at various people's plates) Don't eat, don't eat, don't eat. 



AMIR: And what are you doing with the soup? Soup can get a little cold, OK? God forbid it goes to room temperature. Don't look down at it, look at me. Sorry but we're treating--

JAKE: Chill out! 



(Amir is trying to go for the girl to the right of Jake with the soup, Jake is holding him back) 

AMIR: I treat you guys to--

(caption - One night down, three to go! / For more clues Keep following us on Twitter at: Twitter.com/jakeandamir / More cities, more dinners, more friends! / (Amir promises not to yell at anyone) / (No I don't) / (Yes you do) 

TO BE CONTINUED. 

http://www.collegehumor.com/search/fiesta+movement+presents+JA+road+trip