(caption - Chapel Hill, North Carolina)

AMIR: I'm just going to tweet this picture of the clock tower. 

JAKE: And no- No clue. No words?

AMIR: I'm going to say 'we're across from here'. This- or 'Here we are.'



(Girl is jogging towards the cameraman)

GIRL: Did I win?

CAMERAMAN: Right there. 

(Girl turns around and heads toward the Fiesta)



(Amir and Jake in the car)

CAMERAMAN(?): Here we go. 

JAKE: Oh look, we found somebody.

AMIR: Really?



(Amir and Jake exit the car to greet the girl)

GIRL: Are there people in the car?

JAKE: Hey--

GIRL: Oh my god, this is so exciting.

JAKE: --Come here. (gives her a hug)

GIRL: My friend is parking her car.

AMIR: You made it! 

GIRL: Oh my god, this is the greatest moment of my life, oh my god! 

AMIR: You did it!

GIRL: Am I first one? Second?

JAKE: Yeah.

AMIR: Yes. 

GIRL: (squeals) Oh my god! 



(a guy rides up on his bicycle)

AMIR: Oh my god. Oh my god! (laughs)



(group of people gathering, chattering)

AMIR: Hey, we got to get out of here before a lot of people come. (greeting someone) Hey, I'm Amir, how are you doing? 



(ordering inside the restaurant)

JAKE: I'll have the turkey burger.

AMIR: Yeah, and can I get uh, I didn't see chicken nuggets, but I want the closest possible thing. Also, there's a story on the front of the menu.  Nobody's going to read that. (tosses menu at server)



AMIR: Where are you guys from? 

GUY: Germany. 

FOLKS: Chapel Hill.

AMIR: Germany, I've heard of that. Is that in Texas? How long has it been?

JAKE: Since what?

AMIR: Since we ordered because I feel like it's been forever. 

JAKE: It's been like, ten seconds. 

AMIR: Maybe I'll say something. 

GIRL: Like a minute, maybe. 

AMIR: I'm going to say something.

(people at table begin objecting)

JAKE: Don't say it, don't say it. 

AMIR: Sorry, I'm hearing a lot--I'm hearing some yes's and some no's. 

JAKE: Who did you hear--

(more objections from the table as people talk over each other)

AMIR: (pointing around) Yes, maybe, maybe. 

JAKE: No. They've all said no. 

AMIR: I'm going to go say something. 

JAKE: Don't say anything!

AMIR: Worst case scenario, I go over there, I yell at them, they say our food is coming out. 

GUY: We get kicked out. 

AMIR: Get kicked out?

JAKE: Worst case scenario, they get kicked out. 

AMIR: Kicked out. 



(Amir is sitting in a chair in the hotel room talking to camera)

AMIR: Do I regret what I did? Uh, yes, obviously. Would I do it again? No, I would never- I don't want to hit people.  It just happens. Uh, do I have the courage to make that mistake again? Yeah, techni--

(camera pans over to Jake on the phone)

JAKE: Yeah, I know it's terrible for the Fiesta. I know. 

AMIR: Terrible, what--?

JAKE: You sent him on a road trip with me--

AMIR: Jake. (over Jake) H-h-hey, Jake--

JAKE: --do you-do you know what it's like tonight? It took three people to get him out of the restaurant, OK? He's unnaturally strong. 

(Amir and Jake are talking over each other but can't make out what Jake is saying) 

AMIR: Hang up the phone, because I'm apologizing right now and all- Tomorrow you're going to look like a fool. Hey. 

JAKE: --now he's here in the hotel doing some kind of weird confessional thing. 

AMIR: In two weeks, we're going to be-we're going to be closer friends because of this. 

JAKE: Listen to him. 

AMIR: So you sh-you should hang up the phone right now because you're going to look like- Can you go in the other room?  I'm just trying to finish up this confessional. 

JAKE: (to Amir) I have to go to the other room? 

AMIR: You have to go to the other room! I--

JAKE: I have to go apologize to Sam, I have to call the restaurant because--

AMIR: That's what this is! (loudly) This is SO funny, when you think about it. Go into the other room and I'll do the confessional and then I'll- Twenty-five more minutes and then boom.  

CAMERAMAN: I think we have everything we need. 

AMIR: No, we don't have everything we need. 

JAKE: You have everything you need. Don't talk-

AMIR: Leave the cameras here. Leave the cameras here and I'll keep talking.  (lunging for camera) Leave the cameras here--

(caption - Two more nights to go! / Fine out where we're going by checking out: Twitter.com/jakeandamir / Be the first two people to find us and get a free dinner! / On us. / That's what free means. / Whateva.) 

TO BE CONTINUED. 

http://www.collegehumor.com/video/5733454/fiesta-movement-presents-ja-road-trip-3