JAKE: Hey, question.

AMIR: One second.

JAKE: No. Did you delete all my computer files? 

AMIR: Ugh, I so do not want to answer that question. 

JAKE: Why?

AMIR: Because like, either way I'm an asshole. 

JAKE: Just one way, really. 

AMIR: OK, let's say I say yes. I did delete all your computer files, then I'm like a big meanie, so.

JAKE: The other way?

AMIR: I guess the other way would be like, all right, no, I didn't delete any of your computer files, then it's like, ooo...I'm the asshole who deleted all your computer files and then lied about it to cover it up or something. Just-

JAKE: Gotcha.

AMIR: (high pitched) You're damned if you do, damned if you don't. (normal voice) You're damned if you do, damned if you don't.

JAKE: (along with Amir) -if you do, damned if you don't.  All right, but you did. 

AMIR: Yes, absolutely.

JAKE: (sighs)

AMIR: Or should I say, absol-fruit-ly. 

JAKE: I think absolutely works.

AMIR: OK, more so.

JAKE: Oh, you broke my keyboard too, huh?

AMIR: Yeah, I did that one fo' sho'.

JAKE: Fo' sho', fo' sho'.  How would you feel if I broke your computer?

AMIR: I mean, honestly, I might straight up murder you. 

JAKE: OK, so you understand that it's annoying--

AMIR: Did you fucking touch my computer?

JAKE: No. That's an example like--

AMIR: Answer the question, bitch! Did you touch my computer or not?

JAKE: I said I didn't, OK? I was saying 'if' just--

AMIR: All right, OK, you know, sorry, I'm just going to go outside, 5 minutes, I'm going to cool off, I'm going to come back, you're going to apologize, everything is going to be fine again.  

JAKE: I'm not apologizing. I didn't do anything, so...

AMIR: All right, take a walk with me right now!

JAKE: I'm not-I'm not going anywhere, OK? I have to stay here and try to recover my files. 

AMIR: Those files are gone. OK, trust me. 

JAKE: Well, I backed them up recently so...

AMIR: Yeah, on an external hard drive, right? Yeah, I broke that too, so please! Are you really not coming on a walk with me?

THE END.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcQl0gpXrwM