INTRO

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.

AMIR: Not for long!

JAKE: That's true.

AMIR: Wait, what?



[Jake and Amir are on a sound stage, sitting in director's chairs. Amir has a megaphone.]

AMIR: [patting Jake on the knee] Good shoot, as they say! Good shoot!

JAKE: Can you please not? Alright? That was an absolutely harrowing experience.

AMIR: Nobody said making art would be easy.

JAKE: You cut off your own dick today, man.

AMIR: [through the megaphone] Excuse...?

JAKE: You stepped out of your trailer in front of a huge plume of crystal meth smoke. You strode onto the set, put your penis through the slate, and said "'The Entire Crew Screams and Calls 911', take two," and slammed the device on your shaft. Your genitals hit the floor with a sickening slap, and everyone stood in stunned silence for an eternity.

[Amir accidentally sets off the megaphone's siren, but turns it off. Jake snatches it away from him.]

AMIR: Oh!

JAKE: You never stopped smiling through the whole entire thing, even as you bled out through the stump on your mound, even as the paramedics arrived, and failed to reattach your reproductive organ. You kept yelling, "I'll be a better director as a eunuch! My libido won't guide my eye!"

[Amir gestures along as Jake quotes him, raising his arms for emphasis and then pointing at his eye.]

AMIR: I'm sorry if I went dickless for Michael Chiklis. I'm serious. [air quotes] I apologize if I "inconvenienced anybody".

JAKE: You inconvenienced everybody. Eventually, you convinced the paramedics to attach your big toe to your pelvic bone to use as your phallus. You said "as long as it's chubby, a girl will rubby". I will never forget that weird rhyme as long as I live.

AMIR: Huh... Thank you--

JAKE: Not a compliment. You also rented an IMAX camera, for no reason. That's a hundred thousand dollars, for the day, out of our budget, and you didn't even shoot anything interesting! You laid it on the ground, and paraded a bunch of construction paper dinosaurs around in front of it.

AMIR: [holding a paper pterodactyl out in front of him] Welcome, to Jurassic Shart?

JAKE: So dumb. Don't--

[Amir grunts and squirms for a long time, and shits without farting. He throws the pterodactyl down in frustration.]

JAKE: Great. You shit your pants without farting. So it's not even a shart; it's just a shit.

AMIR: [frustrated] Anal!

JAKE: What are you gonna do without a penis?

AMIR: Let me ask: Why are you so fixated on that small part of the day?

JAKE: "Fixated on that"... it's a small part of you.

AMIR: A lot of other stuff happened, by the way!

JAKE: You know what? I'm fixated because you castrated yourself publicly!

AMIR: [sarcastically] Oooooh!

JAKE: Yeah! Yeah, you ruined today! We didn't get any good footage!

AMIR: It's there in pieces!

JAKE: Your penis is in pieces!

AMIR: Excuse you! Absolutely excuse you!

JAKE: Excuse you. You monster.

AMIR: By the way, whatever we didn't get today, we pick up tomorrow! That's why it's called a pick-up!

JAKE: What money do we shoot the pick-ups with? You blew the entire budget! A hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars gone, spent on an IMAX camera and a lunch comprised entirely of bird's nest soup! It's a Chinese delicacy. It cost forty-five hundred dollars a bowl, which of course meant we didn't even get to feed the entire crew of fifty people.

AMIR: [holding up a finger to stop Jake] I had a KIND bar.

JAKE: Oh good! Good, so you ate.

AMIR: I had a KIND bar--

JAKE: You also had soup!

AMIR: --and soup! I had a KIND bar and soup, which I think is f--

JAKE: How is that fair? Other people didn't eat anything at all!

AMIR: Let's talk post-production for a second.

JAKE: Insane.

AMIR: I'm thinking in terms of editing, I can cut the bitch up myself.

JAKE: Do you know how to--

AMIR: I mean, I do have iMovie.

JAKE: Do you know how to edit?

AMIR: You know what? Suck my fuckin' toe, dude!

JAKE: Good, good reaction.

[Amir unzips his pants and whips out his relocated big toe.]

AMIR: Suck my toe!

JAKE: Oh! Oh, it's wiggling!



END