INTRO

AMIR: Hey, you're watching the end of an era.

JAKE: Chill, man.

AMIR: I am chill! Sorry. I am chill.



[The episode begins with a tracking shot through the office, where all of the employees are trying to work in spite of a loud argument taking place between Jake and Amir, who are still off-screen.]

JAKE: Don't yell at me. Okay, buddy? You asked for my thoughts, and now you're immediately telling--

AMIR: Shhh!

JAKE: You're shushing me? Are you kidding?

AMIR: Yeah, because opinions are like assholes: ya are one! And they stink, and so do you!

JAKE: Nice, you butchered that phrase!

AMIR: No.

JAKE: Okay, why do you think you're wearing a good outfit for work?

AMIR: Because it's healthy, dingus! My cousin Leron has a friend Chard who's a personal trainer!

JAKE: He has a friend named Chard?

AMIR: That's right. He's Swiss!

JAKE: Swiss Chard.

AMIR: Mm-hmm!

JAKE: Good. Go home.

AMIR: No!

JAKE: Go home and change.

AMIR: No, I have to work in it!

JAKE: You have to work in that! Wow.

AMIR: I have to work out in it! Yeah!

[The tracking shot ends, and Amir is revealed to be wearing a baggy silver sweat suit.]

JAKE: You're not working out in it, you're just--

AMIR: It doesn't matter. The one issue, honestly, is that it's a little hot. It's steamy. But--

JAKE: That's the sole purpose of the suit. It's supposed to be a sweat suit.

AMIR: --it is shiny. I like that it's shiny, and actually, I trust Chard.

JAKE: You trust him?

AMIR: I do trust Chard, because he has a record label.

SAM: [standing in the doorway of his office] Guys! My office, now!



[Jake and Amir are sitting in Sam's office.]

AMIR: [doing a voice] What seems to be the problem here, officer? [laughs]

SAM: You guys haven't done any work in the last eight years, and you're fired.

JAKE/AMIR: Excuse...?

SAM: You come into work, mainly only on Tuesdays, you argue loudly, disrupting the entire team, and you have never contributed to this company...

JAKE: That's not true, sir.

SAM: ...ever.

JAKE: That is not true, and you know it. Alright, we've had two auditions at least, and, um, one or two table reads as well.

SAM: That is three to four instances of work in the last eight years.

AMIR: Sorry, let me try to wrap my cock around this: you're saying me and you are done professionally?

JAKE: Bad joke.

AMIR: [laughing] It's not a joke! It's not a joke. Not everything is a joke.

JAKE: Are you gonna say you didn't say that hoping people would laugh?

AMIR: Nobody did laugh, though.

SAM: You see what you're doing? Even now you're arguing, and I'm firing you.

AMIR: Give us one chance, dude, okay? One more opportunity. Mom's spaghetti. I swear we'll write not just one episode for you, but an entire web series... eight hundred fucking episodes.

JAKE: Way too many.

SAM: Jesus.

AMIR: And they'll be cheap, too. Because all of them will be Jake and I, chatting.

JAKE: [sarcastically] Awesome pitch. That sounds really good.

AMIR: Yeah! It'll be me and you talking.

JAKE: Just talking at our desks?

AMIR: Mm-hmm!

JAKE: [giving Amir a thumbs-up] Yeah, I wanna watch that.

AMIR: [laughing] I do!

SAM: This could work... I mean, you did kick Jake's tongue off last year.

AMIR: [laughing] See? That's an episode! Another one could be, is if I'm, uh, a mime, or... I get a dog, or, uh, if I, one c-- one could be if I have a snake or bread.

JAKE: You're just saying nouns, dude.

AMIR: It's all funny, though, because if it's--

JAKE: Well focus on one episode.

AMIR: So think ab--

JAKE: Let's make one episode funny, rather than just finish all eight hundred--

AMIR: N-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-no!

SAM: This... is the show.

SAM/AMIR: ...This... is the show. This is the show.

SAM/JAKE/AMIR: This is the show!

SAM: Stop it. I am with you guys. I'm willing to experiment with this, but I agree with Jake.

AMIR: Thi--

SAM: Eight hundred episodes is too many. I mean, you can't just take the same format, and do it over and over, and over... and over.

JAKE: That's enough.

SAM: Let's give one a shot and see how it comes out, and take it from there.

AMIR: Sam, I have a feeling you're gonna love the first episode of Amir and Jake!

SAM: Hmm. That name... [crossing his hands over each other, implying a reversal] ...is perfect.

JAKE: It's not bad, but what about J--

SAM: Perfect!



END