'Jake and Amir Finale Part 2: Ben Schwartz' starring Ben Schwartz

INTRO:

BEN Schwartz: Dreams do come true, and nightmares too: here's Jerk and a Bear.



Jake and Amir are sitting behind a laptop

AMIR: What the fug is this shif?

JAKE: It's a script, man, you helped write it... Don't!

Amir picks up the laptop and throws it against the wall 

JAKE: Are you kidding me? That was my personal computer, you piece of shit.

AMIR: You're trying to type-cast me as some sort of loveable fool! I'm not gonna have it, at one point you-you had me throwing a computer against the wall.

JAKE: Fine, what do you want the episode to be about?

AMIR: About how I'm coool!

JAKE: You loser.

AMIR: Art imitating me...

JAKE: Okay, fine, "Interior: Office", what are you saying?

AMIR: I'm bragging, about how I can drink like a skunk.

JAKE: Why is that funny? And why is that cool?

AMIR: This is exactly why I invited my friend here. He's a real Hollywood movie writer, he can help.

JAKE: I don't wanna meet any of your friends.

AMIR gesturing to the door: Oh. He's right here.

Ben Schwartz walks into the room, Jake jumps out of his seat

JAKE: Oh! No no no no, get out of here man! You're a pervert!

BEN: I'm so confused, what's going on?

AMIR to Jake: Do you, know this guy?

JAKE: Know this guy- yeah, (pointing at Ben) you're not gonna suck my dick again!

BEN: Wow!

JAKE: Alright, buddy?

BEN: Huge jump- why would I suck your dick?

AMIR: Somebody tried to suck his dick last year-

JAKE: Tried to? Somebody did, okay? And it was you- what's your name? Watch this.

BEN: I have a totally normal name.

JAKE: Yeah? What is it?

BEN: You wanna know my name? 

JAKE: Yeah.

BEN: My name is... Ben Schwartz.

JAKE: Ben Schwartz-what though?

BEN: That's it.

JAKE: Ben Scwartz-scroodily-doody? Ben Schwartz... uh... hippity-holo... hologram?

BEN pausing, looking confused: No. (at Amir) So I'm gonna talk to you for the rest of the time, is that fine?

AMIR: So here's the situation, CollegeHumor's asking us to write the first episode in a webseries, okay? We want it to be great, something that can potentially last for, I don't know, eight years?

BEN: Eight years? That seems reasonable. Uuuuh, how 'bout this, I'll give you some tips.

AMIR: That'd be great.

BEN: Alright cool, one of the tips I'd say is maybe one of you guys is really obsessed with the other one.

Amir points knowingly at Jake

BEN: Is he super into you all the time? Twenty-four-seven?

AMIR: Yeah, yeah, yeah!

BEN: I love that, I love that! And maybe it'd be like on of you guys is- just to keep with the theme- obsessed with a food product-

AMIR laughing: Okay

BEN: Like chicken nuggets maybe?

AMIR: Dude!

BEN: Are you into 'em?

AMIR high fiving Ben: That's like (laughs) I eat that shit always!

BEN: You know what else you should do? You should have a catch phrase.

AMIR: Ooh, I like that.

BEN: You need one a lot like '80s or '90s television, like Urkel, in Family Matters'd be like:

BEN: "Did I do that?"
//
JAKE: "And I did that!"

BEN to Jake: No, you don't have to say it after me, and also you said it wrong. So, just for next time, it's: "Did I do that?"	

JAKE: Oh I did that!

BEN: Stop. You don't have to repeat it after me, but just so you don't get embarrassed when you're in front of your friends, its- let's do it beat by beat: "Did"

JAKE: "Did"

BEN: Alright, "I"-

JAKE: -and I did that!

BEN looking puzzled: No... Alright... Or like a different catch-phrase, you know what's a great one? In Cheers, every time George Wendt came into the bar they'd scream: 

BEN and AMIR: "Norm!"

JAKE: Gnome!

BEN: Norm

JAKE: DAN!

BEN: Stop. You can see my lips are saying "Norm"-

JAKE: And I did that!

BEN pausing: Ok, it doesn't matter

JAKE: Alright.

BEN: You know what would help us with all of this?

AMIR: What?

BEN: I have roommates back at home. Wanna go over there?

AMIR: I'd be down.

BEN: Yeah.

JAKE: Yeah right, let me guess- the only way we can get back to your place is if you put your lips on my dick and blow me there.

BEN looking shocked at Jake: ...nah. (To Amir) Do you want to head out?

AMIR: Yes.

BEN: Right.

Amir and Ben leave the room.

JAKE: I'm- down to go too. I have to swing by anc get a new laptop at the muffin, but, then we go.



Jake, Amir and Ben are walking up to Ben's front door.

BEN: I don't want to put my hand on your dick, Jake. You're gonna love these dudes, they're so cool.

AMIR: What kind of animal do they drink like?

BEN shrugging: Skunks.

Amir pumps his fist

BEN: Okay.

They open the front door to Ben's house

BEN: Ah, these, are my roommates.

Ben's house is populated by previous characters played by Ben Scwartz during the series, including the milkman

MILKMAN: Milkman.

They turn their heads towards a couch where more characters are seated, including the real estate agent from the 'Real Estate Agent' episodes

REAL ESTATE AGENT: Eeehhhhh!

Jake is shaking his head as Amir gasps and turns towards him

JAKE muttering under his breath: Oh no...