Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake... and I guess that's it cause I suck!

Jake: Wow, come on.

Jake: Hey, Man.

Amir: Hey, Man.

Jake: How you feelin'?

Amir: Bueno.

Jake: Buddy, you're not "Bueno".

Amir: I'm not your "Buddy", Buddy.

Jake: Go home, just go home.

Amir: You would love that, wouldn't you?

Jake: Yes, everyone would love that. You're covered  in puke and shit.

Amir: And... shit!

Jake: Said that, I said "shit".

Amir: It's called 'food poisoning'.

Jake: Exactly, and when you have it, you go home.

Amir: I'm toughing it out!

Jake: You're obviously not toughing it out, right? You've been crying this entire time. Will you at least go to the bathroom?

Amir: Losers go to the bathroom. Winners go to the back room, to get blows.

Jake: Right, no one is going to "blows" you. Okay? Your crotch is covered in your own feces. Which is kind of crazy considering feces is supposed to come out the back.

Amir: Yeah, it did come out the back but then the smell was just overpowering me so I flipped the script, switched the pants around.

Jake: Weird logic.

Amir: If I could feel my arms, honestly, I'd give you a noogie right now.

Jake: Right, wouldn't let you give me a noogie because your fingers, like your crotch, is just covered in your own shit and puke.

Amir: Why did this happen to me?

Jake: Because for dinner you had a raw chicken, egg, and cheese sandwich on a frozen hot pocket.

Amir: I knew you'd bring that up.

Jake: You asked me! You washed the entire meal down with a glass of warm toilet water.

Amir: It was a dare.

Jake: Everybody was daring you to not do it.

Amir: Yeah, and guess what? I chickened out! Hehe, raw chicken that is! vomits Oh, look at me, I have diarrhea of the mouth, and diarrhea of the south. 

Jake: So, just regular diarrhea?

Amir: No, bueno.

Man: Eeeh, Jake, the pizza's here. Oh...

Man 2: So, Amir's still here.

Amir: Oh, I get it. You didn't come in here to bond with me. You came in to ask me to leave. 

Jake: Yeah, dude, I've been trying to kick you out of the office since I got here.

Amir: Well, I guess it's first come, first slerve on the Zsa Zsa Gabor. So, outta my way, dimwits. I'm looking for...

Jake: Dude, come on.

Amir: You want the nice golden brown. This is not...

Jake: Don't! At least let me hand you a slice, you're getting shit all over the pizza.

Amir: Wait a second, is this cheese pizza?

Jake: What are you talking about? It's pizza!

Amir: Yeah, but you didn't say it was cheese! Aw, I'm going to yarf.

Jake: Fine, don't yarf near the pizza!

Amir: It's too late, I'm actually mid yarf.

Jake: You're not mid yarf, at least turn your head.

Amir: Keep the box open!

Jake: No, you can't even turn your head?

Man 2: Aw, Jake, you ruined the pizza.

Jake: Amir ruined the pizza.

Man: You puked on it.

Amir: Go home, Jake! 

Man 3: What happened?

Man 2: Jake ruined the pizza, he's sick.

Collective chant: Go home, Jake!

Amir Blumenfeld 2002-Forever