INTRO Amir - Hey, this isn't Amir and you're not wat- err, uhh, damn it, I lost track.



(Amir and Ricky are in Ricky's office)

AMIR: So the surgery was this morning? 

RICKY: This morning.  The doctor said I probably shouldn't even come in. 

AMIR: Yeah!

RICKY: Workaholic. 

AMIR: What does that mean? 

RICKY: It's like I work a lot. 

(Jake enters)

AMIR: Bonjour. 

JAKE: OK, you know what? No! No. I know what this is about; he called me seven times in the past few days to come in here and talk about switching desks and I'm not doing it! I'm not going to switch desks.  I don't want to be near you. I don't want to be near Amir, not in work, not outside of work. I want some time apart. Which is sad for me to have to say because it sounds like we're going out or something. We need space. 

RICKY: So Motorola is flying Amir to the big football game in Miami, and I told him he could bring somebody; he chose you. 

JAKE:  (taking a seat by Ricky) I . . . I accept. 

RICKY: I totally understand. Amir, choose somebody else. 

JAKE: Pshhh, it's fine, I'll go. We'll- I'll go to the game, so. 

AMIR: I thought you said you didn't want to spend any time with me inside the office. 

JAKE: Inside the office.   

AMIR: Or outside of it. 

JAKE: Yeah!  Oh my god! You guys thought I was serious?  You are the weakest links, goodbye. 

AMIR: So you do want to come to Miami with me? 

JAKE: Yeah. Yeah I do. 

AMIR: And you do want to see across from me at work? 

JAKE: Yeah . . . yeah, buddy. God, I'd love to sit across fr-- you know what? You know what the problem is? Murph, the guy across from me now, total buzz kill, he doesn't want to switch. It's ridiculous! But when is our flight though? To Miami?

RICKY: Jake, if Amir wants to take you to Miami, you'll go--

JAKE: (grabbing for Ricky's arm) Don't make me twist your arm!

RICKY: OW! Oh my god! I just had surgery on this shoulder this morning!

JAKE: This morning?! God, I had no-- wow, I really had no idea. Look, can we just go, can we just go to Miami, sir? 

RICKY: Just get the hell out of my office. 

JAKE: Can we go? 

RICKY: Yeah. 

JAKE: Aww, sick son (high pitched) Motorola is sending us to Miami!

AMIR: Let's get lunch right now and talk about--

JAKE: Whoa, no. Get away from me. I can't have lunch with you. But I'll meet you at the airport! The Miami airport. Unless my (singsong) flight gets in before yours, in which case I will see you at the hotel, motel, Holiday Inn. At the-- All right, see you at the hotel, baby. 

(Jake goes to leave the office)

AMIR: Hey, OK, maybe--(Jake opens the door on Amir's face)

JAKE: Oh! Man! . . . I have to get swim trunks. 

THE END.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sP4RRuf8zBM