[Intro]

Amir: Hey you're watching Jake and me [laughs] Tell me that wasn't cute

Jake: It wasn't

Amir: Yeah right

[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks, Amir is making a high pitched groaning sound]

Jake: Something bothering you?

Amir: [Continues groaning]

Jake: If you're upset just tell me what it is, don't make the noise just tell me what's bothering you and we'll talk about it

Amir: [Still groaning]

Jake: Just tell me what it is!

Amir: My dog died okay? He was eaten by a wolf at my parent's house. There, are you happy?

Jake: [sighs] Sorry man

Amir: Sorry about what?

Jake: Sorry to hear that

Amir: Sorry to hear that? Or sorry that he died?

Jake: Both?

Amir: No... No I'm sorry something's not... Something's not adding up something's not making sense

Jake: I agree, yeah

Amir: If you killed my dog, you know you-

Jake: Okay I'm gonna stop you right there I didn't do that

Amir: So why are you apologizing hm? Why are you... What are you sorry about?

Jake: I'm sorry that a wolf ate your dog, [stutters] I didn't have anything to do with it

Amir: Whoah whoah, what'd you say? You're sorry that a wolf ate-

Jake and Amir: That a wolf ate your dog

Amir: I never said that a wolf ate my dog! Huh?

Jake: You did, it was the only thing you said to me actually

Amir: Did I?

Jake: Yeah

Amir: Yeah, right. Right, yeah dang it. You have to admit that would have been pretty clever though if i caught you like that

Jake: Sure yeah, it would have been

Amir: So you admit it!

Jake: Yes! That it would have been clever if you were right

[Silence]

Jake: I still feel like maybe you think I killed your dog

Amir: Yeah I'm like 50/50 on it

Jake: Do you think I'm a wolf?

Amir: Alright okay fine! I don't have a dog okay? I just wanted to catch you in a lie

Jake: You don't even have a dog? What are you talking about?

Amir: I just... you always catch me in lies I thought I'd catch you in one

Jake: Don't get sentimental and try to make me feel bad, this is the stupidest thing you've done in a long time and you carved my initials into your hand last week

Amir: Oh wow! Big whoop!

Jake: Oh god, you opened it up

Amir: Yeah, dang it

Jake: It's never gonna heal if you keep doing that-

Amir: I know that's the point!