INTRO

Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.

Amir: You just got rickrolled, bitch.

Jake: That's so dated.

Amir: Thank you soulmate.



Jake: Hey I'm Jake Hurwitz, welcome to BFF, the game show that finds out -



The camera cuts to Amir, who walks in front of a security guard.

Amir: Oh! Hey! My friend Jake is like hosting this BFF show on the other side. I just gotta get in.

Guard: we're rolling right now. You can't get in.

Amir: I know, I know, but my best friend is on the other side, I don't think you heard me.

Guard: A lot of people's best friends are in there right now.

Amir: (laughing) A lot of people's best ... a lot of people's best...

Amir throws a punch at the guard. The guard catches his fist.

Amir: Oww! GOD!

Amir begins to walk away, but then turns around and charges at the door.

Amir: You know what?

The guard pushes him, and he falls to the ground. The camera cuts back to Jake, speaking with two women.



Jake: Colleen. What does Alex make when she really needs a comfort food?

Amir can be seen walking in the background of the shot. 

Staff: Wait. Cut! Cut!

Amir: Yeah. Cut! That's what I was here to tell you guys. Guys, we're gonna cut, and then Jake, check this out.

Amir pretends he is walking down a flight of stairs.

Jake: Hey, hey, you can't be here, alright? You have to go. You have to go back to work now.

Amir: I'm going back to work, relax!



The camera cuts to Jake having makeup applied. Amir rushes in from off-screen.

Amir: Woah woah! Is this noncomedogenic?

Makeup artist: N-No...

Amir: N-n-n-n-n-n-THEN DON'T PUT IT ON HIS FUCKING FACE! (Whining) I'm sorry, but come on, he's gonna break out!

Jake: Relax, it's fine.

Amir: I'm not gonna relax. (suddenly calming down, talking to artist) Where did you learn how to... what's it called...

Jake: Makeup.

Amir: Put makeup on? No, there's like a one word. Sorry, what is it?



The camera cuts back to the set. Jake is talking to the show's staff. Amir is in the background cutting down scenery.

Staff: Dude, dude, dude. The...

Amir: Cut. I think we're good. Let's cut.



The camera cuts to Amir behind the camera.

Amir: What's up? Talk to me, I'll tell him.

Staff: We're shooting a show.

Amir: He says I'm cool to stay for a little while.



The camera cuts to Jake posing with over sized plastic scissors. Amir tries to sneak into the shot.

Staff: So if we could just have the host of the show?



The camera cuts to Jake talking with the staff on set.

Peter: Let's do it one more time, but this time, like, gimme something I can...

Amir: Hey buddy, what's your name?

Peter: I'm Peter.

Amir: Peter, hi, what's up dude?

Amir pushes peter to the floor. The staff gasps.



The camera cuts to Jake looking at cue cards. Amir grabs them from his hand.

Amir: No! Come on! No! No! Come on guys, those are pink! Ugh, I told you blue!

Staff: We need those cards...

Amir: You need those cards?

Amir pushes the man, but he is pushed back instead.

Amir: Okay, hey, Jake, get him! You saw what he did to me!



The camera cuts to Jake on the set with Amir standing behind the camera, talking to the camera man.

Amir: That's my dude right there.



The camera cuts to Amir in a different part of the set.



Amir: (whining) Guys, guys, where is Jake's latte, where is Jake's latte, where is Jake's latte, where is Jake's latte!

Jake: I don't want a latte.

Amir: I know, it's for me. 



The camera cuts to Amir in a different part of the set.

Staff: We're shooting a show.

Amir: I know.

Staff: Leave!



The camera cuts to Amir talking to a member of the staff using a computer.

Amir: Question: Can I see Jake's contract, for one second?

Staff: No.

Amir: No. I actually thought, why would you give someone's Jake's contract, it's like...

Amir grabs the closest piece of paper and runs for the door.

Amir: Later bitch!

Amir fails to open the door, and struggles to unlock it.

Amir: Oh my god, how does this...? I'm so sorry. cuz, uh, I do this, but it's still locked. It's like, jammed.

http://www.jakeandamir.com/post/173050353/game-show-host