Amir: Hi I'm Amir and you're watching me and my friend Jake on the all new...

Jake: This is pretty wordy.

Amir: OK.

Jake approaches a door with a DVD and flowers and presses the intercom

Lerona(over the intercom): Hello?

Jake: Hey! Lerona it's Jake, I knew I shouldn't ask you out so I was hoping we could stay in.

Lerona(over the intercom): Huh?

Jake: I knew I shouldn't...I said I knew I shouldn't ask you out so I was wondering if you want us to stay in.

Lerona(over the intercom): I can't hear you come upstairs. I'll buzz you in.

Intercom buzzes, Jake tries the door, it's locked.

Jake: It's stuck.

Lerona(over the intercom): It's open

Jake: It's not. Maybe just come down

Lerona(over the intercom): What?

Jake: Come down?

Lerona(Over the intercom): I am calm!

Jake: No no no no no no can you just...can...can you come downstairs? Maybe come downstairs?

Lerona(over the intercom): K, coming.

Lerona opens the door wearing a bath robe.

Lerona: Hey!

Jake: Hi. I didn't think we should go...sorry, did you just take a shower?

Amir enters topless behind Lerona

Amir: Yes we did

Jake: Fuck

Amir: Yes we did (laughs). What are you doing here?

Jake: Not

Amir: So, why the DVD and flowers?

Jake: I don't have a DVD, these are flowers

Amir: Yeah, and that's a DVD

Jake: Yeah but you were like DVD (Jake holds up the flowers) and 
flowers (Jake holds up the DVD)

Amir: I didn't specify which hand was holding whi...

Jake: Whatever man, OK, ah hah, cos I was just leaving

Jake exits

Amir: OK. (to Lerona) Anyway, where was I before I slipped and 
hurt my head

Amir and Lerona go to kiss, Lerona puts her hands on the back of Amirs head

Amir: Ow! OK, still bruised.

Enter Jake

Jake: Ok, you know what? Lerona, I'm crazy about you

Amir and Lerona: What?

Jake: Yeah, and you know what maybe I shouldn't have said anything but I feel like you had to know

Lerona: I have a boyfriend

Amir: WHAT? Oh, (laughs) me.

Lerona: I don't know I'm really confused now

Amir: I was too when you said I had a boyfriend but Then I realised, oh wait it's me. Does that clear things up babe? Wanna go back upstairs?

Lerona: I think I'm gonna go by myself. I have a decision to make 

Lerona exits indoors, closing the door and leaving Jake and Amir outside

Amir: Shit

Jake: Yeah

Amir: No like, I left my retainer up there. My clothes!

Jake: Yeah yeah your clothes

Amir: I'm in a towel for christ sakes.

To be continued shows on screen

Amir: Why did you do this?