INTRO: Amir - I'm not doing the intro because I hate you. So. 

Jake - OK.

Amir - Oh, I could never stay mad at you.



(Sarah and Pat are chatting by a wall, the hallway behind them is in view on the right)

PAT: And then Don Carleone says, 'I'll --

SARAH and PAT: make him an offer he can't refuse'! 

PAT: Oh my god. 

SARAH: So good.

PAT: I love The Godfather.  

SARAH: I know, me too.

PAT: Have you seen it?

SARAH: No. So . . . 

PAT: Um, can I ask you a question?

SARAH: Yeah, sure. What's up? 

PAT: What do you think of Jake and Amir?

SARAH: What do you-what do you mean, what do I think? 

PAT: Well, you know, it seems like they hate each other, but I think recently, it's like, they're like legit best friends. 

SARAH: I don't know. I mean Jake still gets really annoyed. 

(Jake is seen walking in the hallway in the direction of Sarah and Pat. Amir comes from behind and jumps on Jake's back)

PAT: Yeah but, I mean, there's definitely an underlying respect they have for each other.  I sense it. 

(Jake slams into the glass wall and they start shoving each other) 

SARAH: Well, that's true. And, I mean, Amir like sleeps over Jake's house constantly.

(Amir slaps Jake, Jake removes Amir's shirt)

PAT: Yes! And then remember Christmas? They went home together.

SARAH: That's so true. You know, if you didn't know them and you're explaining them to someone, you could almost make an argument that they're like . . .  

(at this point Amir and Jake are both on the floor, still wrestling and Amir is ripping off Jake's shirt)

PAT: What? 

SARAH: I mean they're probably not, but it kind of seems like . . . 

PAT: What? 

(Jake has pulled down Amir's pants) 

SARAH: . . . like they're gay lovers. 

PAT: Come on. 

SARAH: I mean, I'm just saying. I mean, the family visits, the sleepovers, they're always getting into these like lover's quarrels. 

PAT: Lover's quarrels?

SARAH: Yeah, I mean . . . maybe. It's stupid, it's probably wrong, but...

(Amir and Jake are still on the floor wrestling, Amir on top of Jake and Jake's legs up in the air) 

PAT: Yeah, I mean, Jake punched me when we slept together, (chuckles) remember?

SARAH: Yeah. 

PAT: I'm sorry.

SARAH: No, it's OK. It's--

PAT: That was way out of line.

(Amir and Jake finally get up on their feet again) 

SARAH: It's fine. I mean, I just thought we weren't going to, uh...

(Amir pulls up his pants, but doesn't button or zip them, Jake has his shirt over his shoulder) 

PAT: No, yeah. But I thought that that meant we wouldn't talk like outside the office or something. 

(Amir and Jake give each other a low five, both panting) 

SARAH: I mean, or ever.

PAT: Or if it came up organically. 

SARAH: I mean--

AMIR (walking by shirtless): Hey.

PAT: Hey.

JAKE (walks by, also shirtless): What up?

PAT: OK, that was--

THE END. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GWPO0JqH3Nk