INTRO:

Amir: Gesundheit! You're watching Jake and Amir

Jake: Do you think that means hello...

Amir: interrupting sneeze

Jake: ...in some language or something. 

Amir: Sorry

Jake: Okay.



Murph: It's just sad because... I mean I'd go to my grandma's house and I'm the only one taking care of her and she doesn't even know who I am anymore. I'm just in a really... just a really dark place. 

Jake: Man that's rough. If you ever need to talk to somebody... 

Interrupted by 'Austin Powers' theme song playing loudly in the office

Jake: What is happening right now?

Rosie: Yeah, that is so loud. 

Murph: Where is it even coming from?

Amir comes out dressed as Austin Powers and starts dancing

Jake signals to Amir to stop dancing

Murph angrily goes up to Amir and punches him in the face. 

Jake: Hey, Murph! Hey hey come on, man! 

Murph: Get him away from me!

Jake: Jesus!

Rosie: He didn't deserve that, man!

Murph: We are having a f*cking conversation!

Jake: Okay yeah, he annoys all of us, but you don't have to hit him!

Jake sits down next to where Amir is lying

Jake: Hey, you okay?

Amir: Yeah baby yeah. 

Jake: You sure?

Amir: Shagadelic baby, yeah.

Jake: You wanna finish the dance?

Amir: Huh?

Jake: You wanna finish your dance?

Amir (shaking his head): I'm okay. 

Jake (imitating Dr. Evil): Not even for one million dollars?

Amir: Honestly don't joke about it cause it really killed my chin!

Jake: Okay, sorry, I'm just trying to cheer you up!

Amir (to Murph): Who throws a shoe!?

Jake: Hey! Look at me! Let's finish the dance, you and me.

Amir: That would be groovy. 

Jake: Alright.

Jake stands up, helps Amir get up and starts dancing with him. 

Murph looks at them angrily, and Rosie eventually joins in. 

Amir dances up to Murph, while he angrily stares back at Amir. 

Eventually, Murph smiles and joins in dancing.

While the four of them are dancing, Murph's phone displays a text message from Mom, saying Call me. Grandma is dead.

The four of them jump in the air, and the video turns to a still. 

THE END

EPISODE LINK