Jake: (high-pitched voice) You're watching Jake and Amir! (pause) ...You're not gonna say anything?

Amir: That was bad, man.

Jake: Fine.



[Jake, at a cemetery, walks over to Lerona's grave, flowers in hand.]

Jake: Hey, Lerona. It's—It's been about a year since you were accidentally killed by the bus. You know, I'm technically still your boyfriend; I figured nobody else is gonna come—

Amir: (arrives with bouquet) SUP! (laughs) Mir-Mir in the house!

Jake: What are you doing here?

Amir: I come here every day.

Jake: Why?

Amir: Soulmates. Right?

Jake: Yeah, I'm her soulmate.

Amir: Really, because I've never seen you here.

Jake: Really, that's because there's a difference between being a soulmate and being pathetic.

Amir: Oh, is there a difference between being a murderer and being pathetic?

Jake: Wow. Wow.

Amir: Yeah!

Jake: Really?

Amir: Yeah, really!

Jake: You went there. Okay!

Amir: Yeah, I went there! What do you wanna do?

Jake: Yeah, dick move! I wanna fight you now!

Amir: Good, then; I hope it's a flower fight because then we got a real David and Goliath thing going on.

Jake: Okay, well, David actually wins so... (hits Amir)

Amir: Okay then, let's switch bouquets then!

Jake: Let's do it! (grabs Amir)

Amir: HEY! Okay, okay—

Lerona: (enters to stop fight) Guys! Guys! Stop it, stop it!

Jake: Oh my god.

Amir: You're a ghost.

Lerona: I'm—I'm not a ghost? [Amir grunts and punches Lerona in the stomach.] OH! (coughs and wheezes)

Amir: Went right through her, man!

Jake: No, it didn't! You saw it—You felt that, right? You punched her in the stomach!

Amir: Maybe I'm dead then...

Jake: That's not how that works.

Lerona: (in pain) I'm Lerona's twin sister.

Amir: You look.. just like her!

Jake: Only you're...

Amir: Alive...

Lerona: I'm Jessica.

Jake: You know, I always thought Lerona had, like, the brightest eyes in the world, but, uh... turns out they were only second to yours.

Amir: Yeah, yours are brighter. And she had a lazy eye, which you don't.

Jake: She did! Yes, it was like all over there! (pointing)

Amir: She was always like—Where is she look—She could watch two TVs at once. (laughs with Jake) 

Jake: (laughing) Yeah.

Amir: I always joked about that.

Lerona: Okay, well—

Amir: Ooh, let me smell your breath!

Lerona: What, uh— [Amir sniffs Lerona's breath.]

Amir: Doesn't even resemble dog food! Yeah!

Jake: (simultaneously) Dog food! Yes!

Amir: What was that?!

Jake: I swear to god I saw the bitch eat Kibbles 'n Bits once, I guess, as a reward for herself, all right?

Amir: Yeah!

Jake: She said it was a Fun Size Snickers, but I smelled it and I saw it!

Amir: It was, like, a crispy dog biscuit, all right?

Lerona: No—

Jake: Yes. Yes.

Amir: It was, like, a crispy dog bone-shaped biscuit.

Lerona: (interjecting) Anyway!

Amir: Thank you!

Lerona: What?

Amir: Anyway! Not anyways.

Jake: Lerona used to always say anyways.

Amir: (simultaneously, nasally) Anyways!

Jake: Anyways.

Amir: (nasally) Anyways!

Jake: It was like ants.

Amir: Oh god, so nasal!

Jake: So annoying...

Amir: Just that one word.

Jake: So annoying.

Lerona: Yeah, well, so are you two! (to Amir) I mean, you—you act like a four-year-old in a twenty-eight-year-old's body.

Amir: (inaudible)

Lerona: (to Jake) And you—Jake, you stole your best friend's girlfriend, and then you killed her.

Jake: ...Wow.

Lerona: Oh, and by the way, fedoras are not stylin'.

Jake: How did you know...?

Lerona: Because I'm not Lerona's twin, okay? I am a ghost. I came back here to see what nice things you guys would be saying about me, and instead, you're flirting with my fake sibling and talking shit about me.

Amir: Barely, okay? I like the way you ate dog food; Jake was the one being a bitch by (inaudible)

Jake: No, what—I like dog food!

Lerona: (interrupting) You know what? Whatevers. Bye. (fades out)

Amir: I told you; it punched right through her, man!

Lerona: (fades in) We're not transparent, you know! It really hurt. (fades out)

Amir: No, it didn't.

Lerona: (fades in) It did. (fades out)

Amir: Barely...

Lerona: (fades in) It did. (fades out)

Amir: Wow. Cannot believe that Lerona's twin is a ghost. It's like... (punches Jake) Dead arm!

Jake: OW, dude!

Amir: (waves to graveyard) Sorry!

THE END

EPISODE LINK

I can't quite hear what Amir says right after he's called out by Lerona. It's cars? No idea. And the second inaudible thing Amir says is muffled by Jake and Lerona; his lips are moving, but I can't read lips of course. xP Help!