JAKE: running toward a park bench singing Ace and Jocelyn, Ace and Jocelyn, from space or whatver, astronaut accountants nah nah nah stops singing Hallie, Jocelyn, sorry to interrupt your date or whatever the fuck you think this thing is, but I have reason to believe that Hallie is actually an alien from a rival accounting agency across the galaxy.

AMIR: laughs What are you talking about?

JAKE: Don't tell me she's already used her amnesia ray on you, that stupid wench.

AMIR: Let's- let's talk about this later.

JAKE: 'fraid not, Jocelyn; time is of the essence.

AMIR: Let me talk to A- Jake for a second, uh, I'll be right back.

JAKE and AMIR walk away from the park bench

AMIR: Hey, uh, I appreciate what you're doing, but you have to be completely honest with me right now: are you only doing this, alright, because you're a hundred percent sure that she actually is a rival account from a different agency, because if she is I will fucking lose it on this bitch. Do you understand me? I will go apeshit for you.

JAKE: Alright, listen. Straight up-

cut to the bench

AMIR: laughs Sorry about that, he was acting weird.

HALLIE: Why do you have a camera?

AMIR: Uh, why are- why have you lied to me?

HALLIE: About what?

AMIR: About what?, how about the fact that you're a rival agent from a different agency, god dammit I trusted you! I don't ever want to see your face again. You're lucky I don't blow it to Zorlap and back, you understand me? Leave, and never come back! Let's hit it, Ace!

JAKE and AMIR run away together

JAKE: Ace!

AMIR: and Jocelyn!

JAKE: Ace!

AMIR: and Jocelyn! Ace and Jocelyn! Astronaut accountants and they're coming to your face! singing If you love that shit say nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah hey-!

cut to street, clip of Eminem's Without Me plays

AMIR: Hey, dinner tonight?

JAKE: Ooh, what are you thinking? The Dees?

AMIR: Hell yeah!

they laugh

JAKE: Uh, no. I don't want that. Do nay want that, so-

AMIR: Okay.

JAKE: Later!

AMIR: I'll just- I have to edit this anyway, so it's stupid for us to wanna do-