INTRO

JAKE: You're watching Jake and Amir.

AMIR: Now, let a real maestro try it.

JAKE: No.

AMIR: Okay.



(Jake's on the phone, alone).

JAKE: Alright, well, just-

(Amir walks in and sits down, wearing a penguin costume...yes, the penguin costume from the 4th of July episode)

AMIR: Costume number one.

(Jake puts down the phone)

JAKE: Jesus Christ, man.  You've been missing for two days.  You can't just show up and say costume number one.

AMIR:  Pros: It's cute.  I can pee in it.

JAKE: We thought you were dead.



(Amir's in denim and a cowboy hat)

AMIR: (like John Wayne) This one's pretty playful, partner, but I'm worried it's too masculine.

JAKE: I wouldn't worry about that.



(Amir's in the penguin costume)

JAKE:  We called your parents, who said good riddance.  I'm sorry that you had to hear that from me.



(Amir's wearing a rooster costume)

AMIR:  Sure, this costume is a little corny...but I like it.  (Amir does a weird laugh, like a cackle)

JAKE:  Do you think you're in a corn costume?



(Amir's wearing an Indian headdress)

JAKE:  Where were you man?  For two days, you were just, you vanished.



(Amir's still in the rooster costume)

AMIR:  Sorry, can you talk into my good ear. (Amir does the cackle laugh again)

JAKE:  You're NOT in a corn costume.

(Amir takes off the rooster head covering)

AMIR:  Okay, well, it's freaking dark in that closet, man.  I can't see anything.



(Amir's in a fireman costume)

AMIR:  I'm one cock-a-doodle-dude.

JAKE:  You changed out of the rooster costume?

AMIR: What?!

(Amir takes off the fireman's helmet and looks at it)

AMIR:  Oh, f**k me!



(Amir's in a sheet with holes in it.  His glasses are over the sheet.  The sheet's lopsided and the holes don't match his glasses/eyes)

AMIR:  Boo!! Uh heh heh.

JAKE: Look in the mirror and tell me if you think you look scary.

(Amir looks to his left)

AMIR: AUGH! I'M GONNA DIE!!



(Amir's in a peapod costume)

AMIR:  This one's a little corny...but I like it.

JAKE: Still no.

AMIR: What??  No!  No!

JAKE:  You're not corn, you're peas.

AMIR: Peas?? I'm peas!



(Amir's wearing scrubs)

AMIR:  You've just been diagnosed with bein' a bitch.

JAKE:  We've been planning your funeral for an hour.



(Amir's in a Count Chocula costume)

AMIR: Yeah, I might be a little corny -

JAKE: Don't do this, cuz you know you're the Count!  You came in and said I vant to suck your chocolate.

AMIR: -but I like it.



(Amir's wearing a polka-dot dress)

JAKE: Bad costume.

AMIR: What costume? Okay, this is my shirt.

JAKE: That's a dress.

AMIR: Nooo, it's not.

JAKE: Stand up.

(Amir stands up)

AMIR: (sounding like he's proving Jake wrong) Ohhhh  (suddenly realizes he's wearing a dress) Oh.



(Amir's in a Count Chocula costume)

(Amir's getting physical with Jake, as Jake tries to get away)

AMIR: Let me suck your chocolate!

JAKE: Stop...dude...you have to rela-

AMIR: You...don't tell me to freakin' relax.

(Jake punches Amir)



(Amir is in a corn costume)

JAKE: You know you finally have it, and you just blew it.

AMIR: What are you talking about?

JAKE: Look in the mirror.  You're corn.

AMIR: Oh, no!  I thought I was an ear of butter!

EPISODE LINK