Opening Sequence

Amir: Jake, Amir, you're watching us—

Jake: Can I just do it myself?

Amir: Yes.



Episode

Amir: Wow... Notice anything different about me?

Jake: You got your cyst drained!

Amir: What?! (Checks his cyst) No, haha, ow, no no no it's still here. And it's hardened. Ow.

Jake: Yeah, I know. I can see it from the front, so I was just kinda reminding you that you should get it drained.

Amir: Yeah I got this badboy (taps his headset). This molds to the contour of my head.

Jake: So does your cyst.

Amir: No.

Jake: Yeah.

Amir: It's like a golf ball, it's growing on top of it.

Jake: Okay well I'm just saying not to ignore it.

Amir: I'm not ignor—you're ignoring thist! (Touches headset) So I insist, that you stop.

Jake: How much was the headset?

Amir: Doesn't matter. It's not yours, I don't see why you care.

Jake: You just asked me to talk to you about it. Okay, I'm making conversation about the headset.

Amir: I just don't get why the second I get something as chill as a headset you're all up in my snatch about it.

Jake: You begged me repeatedly to talk to you about it. I don't know why you bought one because you never get calls.

Amir: Correction, never get calls.

Jake: That's what I said.

Amir: Never got calls, then.

Jake: What are you talking about?

Amir: It's called I wanted people to call me on my new headset so I left my phone number in a gas station bathroom, okay? But I didn't 
want to soft sell it so I wrote For a good time, call: in lipstick above it. (Subvocalizing) Wow!

Jake: It's not called that. Don't say it's called this, like it's a thing other people do—

(Amir gets a call)

Amir: Hello?

Jake: Gotta change that ringtone.

Amir: I'm wearing a shirt, I guess. Uh, yeah I'm hard, and it is a little wet. How did you even know I had a cyst?

Jake: Hang up man.

Amir: Hello? Hello? (To Jake) Anyway where were we? Oh right I remember where you were, 100%, firmly placed, inside of, my snatch.

Jake: Stop saying snatch. Who just called you?

Amir: None of your bitchness.

Jake: It actually is my bitchness because you're running a phone sex hotline at work—and now my phone's ringing. Did you post my number 
too?

Amir: I don't think... no.

Jake: Okay well it's coming from an area code that I don't recognize.

Amir: 732?

Jake: Yeah.

Amir: Jersey. I mean, is it?

Jake: Okay well, yeah, well I guess you spend a lot of time in New Jersey on the weekends.

Amir: Sometimes I spend gas station time there, but like nothing more than that.

Jake: Okay, well I'm going to know if you posted my number if I answer this and it's somebody that I don't know asking me what I'm 
wearing.

Amir: Which is why I swear to god that I didn't leave your phone number.

Jake: (Talking on the phone) Hello? (Hangs up) Yeah. That guy's jerking off.

Amir: I left your phone number. I just remembered and I wanted to come clean because the idea of me not telling you was eating me up 
inside. I just thought you wanted some company while you were all up in my sand.

Jake: That's not what you were saying before man.

Amir: I forgot it for half a second but then I remembered it: my sa...

Jake: It was snatch.

Amir: Dammit, no. It wasn't that, but you get the prize for getting it the closest.

Jake: That was it.

Amir: No, that wasn't it. I already gave you the prize, stop lobbying for more. (Gets a call) Hello? Uh... I don't know why don't you 
ask Jake what it smells like, he's currently in it. (To Jake) He's asking me about my—

Jake: Snatch.

Amir: Snatch, yeah.

Jake: Got it.