INTRO

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.

AMIR: Not for long!

JAKE: Why?

AMIR: 'Cause the videos are short.



[Jake and Amir are at their desks. Amir does not have a computer. He tugs at his hoodie and wiggles his eyebrows at Jake.]

JAKE: No computer at all today, huh?

[Amir shakes his head.]

JAKE: Why even come in?

AMIR: I can work from my phone. [feels for a phone in his pocket, to no avail] ...Shit.

JAKE: Nice.

[A woman comes over briefly to hand Amir a manila envelope. Amir notices and begins laughing giddily.]

AMIR: [opening the envelope] They're here, they're here! Help me choose a headshot!

JAKE: Don't act giddy like I'm gonna be excited about helping you choose a headshot.

AMIR: I just want your opinion!

JAKE: My opinion is you suck.

AMIR: About the headshots, idiot! [laughing] You should have let me finish! Now you look like a fool!

JAKE: Why do you need headshots? You have a job. You have a salary. Health insurance.

AMIR: I want to be a famous! Ass! A star is born? Nah... a star is corn!

[Amir holds up a picture of himself dressed as an ear of corn with big cartoon gloves.]

JAKE: What a dumb headshot, buddy.

AMIR: Please don't call these dumb. Okay? I spent, like, a bad amount of money on these.

JAKE: Any amount of money you spent on those would be a bad amount of money, considering you're not an actor and you don't need them.

AMIR: I have an audition today!

[Jake raises his eyebrows. Amir grins silently at him.]

AMIR: Wow! Suddenly, Jake's-- actually, this is perfect! [handing a fork and a knife to Jake] I'll give you a fork and a knife so you can eat your words. And, in addition to those--

JAKE: [taking the fork and knife] God, these are nice.

AMIR: --I have a napkin... where the French is it? I don't want you to spill the words--

JAKE: Did you bring this cutlery to work just to make me do this?

AMIR: Where the fff-- is it, dude?

JAKE: [putting down the fork and knife] It doesn't matter where the napkin is, okay? What's the role?

AMIR: The role is of a paralegal, in the film "Steinberg and Ginsberg".

JAKE: Are you sure you don't mean firm Steinberg and Ginsberg? And the role is just an office job that you're not qualified for?

AMIR: Every interview in this town is an audition. In this town.

JAKE: Nice, dude. Give it to me.

[Amir hands Jake the headshots. On top is one of Amir shirtless, wearing jeans low enough on his hips that his pubic hair is visible, albeit censored.]

JAKE: Yikes. Way too revealing. Right? I mean, at least you had the decency to blur your pubes.

AMIR: [sadly] No, they're just blurry.

JAKE: You grow blurry pubic hair?

AMIR: I think so, yeah. They're mosaic.

JAKE: [holding up a picture of Amir with Terry Richardson] Sorry, did Terry Richardson take these?

AMIR: Actually, they were taken by a Brazilian photographer. [grabbing the headshots back] Nunya? Ever heard of him?

JAKE: Nunya Business?

AMIR: No, Nunya Luiz Ricardio. He's actually pretty famous in Rio.

JAKE: Do something else with your life.

[Amir is suddenly holding a colorful and simplistic painting with two stick figures.]

AMIR: Been painting recently! Nothing too crazy, just some abstract pieces. Trying to open up my own gallery.

JAKE: That's crazy! Of course that's crazy. Trying to open up your own gallery when you have a job, and... you're not very good at painting!

AMIR: Subjective.

JAKE: You're so fast at being dumb. Why don't you just try to harness that power for good, instead of... stupidity?

AMIR: [holding a plate of burnt cookies] Been baking recently!

JAKE: Quick. Burned.

AMIR: Yeah, nothing too crazy. Just, uh, applying for grants to open up my own patisserie/gallery.

JAKE: Bad business idea. Bad you. Just stop acting, stop painting, stop baking. It's a waste of time, money, and I think effort, though it seems like you don't try very hard at anything.

AMIR: [holding up a napkin folded into an origami swan] Found your napkin!

JAKE: That one's pretty good.

AMIR: Nothing too crazy, just some, uh... oregano.

JAKE: Origami.

AMIR: Roach!

JAKE: It's a swan.

AMIR: Ass!



END