Opening Sequence

Amir: You're watching Jake and Amir.

Jake: That was good.

Amir: Go to hell in a handbasket.



Episode

(Jake and Amir are trying to lift a dresser)

Jake: Alright, one, two, three—

Amir: Two, three, four, five, six, seven—

Jake: One two three lift!

Amir: Okay, yeah yeah.

Jake: Okay? One two three—

Amir: (Letting go of the dresser) Lift! You said lift with your legs.

Jake: I specifically didn't say that because I knew it would confuse you.

Amir: Well it did.

(Amir is sitting on the dresser)

Amir: Alright new plan, I sit on here, but I inspire you to lift more than you ever thought possible.

Jake: Why don't you just get off.

Amir: Okay, done.

Jake: You're still on.

Amir: Well I'm pretty high up, bro! I don't know if I can... (Tries to ease himself off, as if he's really high off the ground) One 
second. ONE SECOND!

(Jake and Amir are carrying the dresser along)

Amir: Hey maybe we should take out the drawers, it'll be a little lighter?

Jake: That's actually a pretty good idea.

Amir: Okay I was kidding f**ker, keep moving.

(Amir is on the floor and Jake is removing one of the drawers)

Amir: Ahh I got a splinter!

Jake: You're not even near the dresser.

Amir: I got it up from the carpet.

(Jake is carrying the dresser and Amir is playing a guitar)

Amir: (Singing) Fix everything by just being here.

Jake: So you're done helping?

Amir: I am helping, in a different way.

Jake: You're the one that said this needed to be out of here by 5 PM if we wanted to throw it away.

Amir: (Singing) Fine.

Jake: Fine. Put the guitar down.

Amir: (Singing) Okay.

Jake: Now.

Amir: (Singing) Sure. (Not singing) Last minute?

Jake: Down.

Amir: Okay.

(Both are carrying the dresser)

Amir: Woah, nice shirt cowboy. I wish I knew how to quit you.

Jake: Are you gay, man?

Amir: What?

Jake: I just—I gotta ask.

Amir: I don't even remember what I said, let alone what gay means.

(Back to the scene where Jake is removing a drawer and Amir has a splinter from the carpet)

Amir: (Holding up his finger) Come kiss it.

(Amir is lying under the dresser)

Amir: Woah! Little help? Little help?

Jake: You said you could benchpress it.

Amir: Yeah, I can, okay? With a little help. So... little help?

(Both are carrying the dresser)

Amir: Ah, dude, you owe me so big for this.

Jake: You're the one that asked me to help you.

Amir: I knew you'd throw that back in my face, that is so like you.

Jake: Not throwing anything in your face—

(Amir shoves the dresser into Jake so it hits his crotch)

Amir: C'mon. C'mon! I was kidding. I was kidding!

(Jake is carrying the dresser and Amir is walking in front of him)

Amir: Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Try to touch my hands. Try to—

Jake: It's not helping!

Amir: Okay but is it hurting?

Jake: Y—yes!

(Amir kicks the dresser into Jake's crotch again)

(Amir is under the dresser again)

Jake: I leave for a second, you try to benchpress it again.

Amir: No. Oh my god it feels like my nose is bleeding, even though I know it's not.

Jake: Uh no, it just started.

Amir: Yeah, a lot.

Jake: Yeah, wow.

(Jake is carrying the dresser and Amir is coming in holding and eating a pizza)

Amir: Hey hey hey, sorry sorry sorry. (Bites a pizza slice) Sorry sorry sorry. There's—

Jake: What are you—?

Amir: (Spits out the pizza) There's free pizza in the kitchen. So. Well, there was free pizza.

Jake: Come on!

Amir: Alright. (Moves to help pick up the dresser) Ready ready ready?

Jake: Swallow it first at least.

(Jake puts the dresser down at the elevator)

Amir: And donesauce.

Pat: Woah, woah! What are you guys doing with my dad's antique dresser?

Amir: Woah, woah. You just got punked my Jake and Amir, BITCH! Jake, run!

Jake: No.