Jake: (On his phone) Hey, what's up dude? You here? Nice. Alright, I'll come right down. See ya. (Hangs up)

Amir: What the hell are you doing, man?

Jake: I'm just going to pick up my friend from high school, give him a little tour.

Amir: Ha ha yeah. You don't see me hanging out with like friends high school giving tours for fun. Right?

Jake: You don't have any friends.

Amir: Don't need friends, I have you. You bring your friend up here, I'm gonna beat the shit out of him. That's a guarantee, alright?

Jake: Just try to be polite, please? We're not gonna be here long, alright.

Amir: Yeah, I'll be polite. I'll be polite when I kick his ass OUTTA here! He's done dude!

Jake: (Walking away) Chill out!

(Amir gets up and practices fighting)

Amir: You're welcome Jake. Whatever.

(Jake returns with his friend; Amir is facing the window airboxing, so Jake taps him on the shoulder to get his attention)

Jake: Amir.

Amir: What's up man?

Jake: This is my friend Josh.

Amir: Yeah, what's up bro...

Josh: Hey, nice to meet you.

Amir: Yeah, for sho. Uh... this guy's fly. This guy's definitely fly. What are you guys doing tonight? All-around shorties? I know a 
phat party. We can go right now.

Josh: What's up with your friend, Jake?

Amir: (Doing the wave with Josh's arm) Woo!

Jake: Everything. I don't know where to start, I guess.

Amir: I like this guy, you know? I really do.

Jake: You like this guy. Cause...

Amir: Yeah. Yeah.

Jake: Cause a minute ago you said you were gonna kick his ass.

Josh: What?!

Amir: Pff...

Jake: Yeah, you know what, you guaranteed it actually.

Amir: What?

Jake: You guaranteed you were gonna beat the shit out of him.

Amir: No... I think I was talking about your other friend.

(Amir tries to punch Josh, but Josh catches his fist, twists his arm behind his back and forces him onto his desk)

Amir: Nngh! Jake! Awgh... Good luck getting into a phat party without me, you guys.

(Josh twists his arm more, with a crunching sound)

Amir: AAAHHH!—