Opening Sequence

Amir: (Singing) You're watching Jake and Amir.

Jake: Wow.

Amir: Theme song!

Jake: No.

Amir: So.



Episode

(Amir walks into work wearing a bloody hospital gown (with shorts underneath))

Amir: Another day—

Jake: Go back—

Amir: —at the races lemme finish.

Jake: Go back to the hospital.

Amir: Thanks, but no thanks. I'd rather take my chances with the lung murmur, and the spleen thingamajig, and my third and fourth 
infected nipple.

Jake: That's not intelligent. Sounds like you have a lot of health issues.

Amir: You know what the big issue is? I have a fear of commitment. As in I can't commit—to getting a shot.

Jake: Sounds like you're afraid of getting shots.

Amir: I'm not a pussy!

Jake: You're not intelligent. You have a lot of health issues and you're forgoing treatment.

Amir: Okay, let me put it this way: would you let a doctor buttf**k you?

Jake: That couldn't have—

Amir: Answer the question.

Jake: You're clearly—

Amir: Would you let a doctor buttf**k you?

Jake: Was that happening at your hospital?

Amir: I wasn't gonna take the risk! Okay, that's why I flew over the cuckoo's nest! You're looking at one Get out of Jail Free tard 
[sic]. And guess what? This one? It's for real.

Jake: Why tack that on at the end of the sentence?

Amir: What?

Both in unison: This one's for real.

Amir: Yeah, it's for real!

Jake: I was on board with the Get out of Jail Free tard, that was sorta clever.

Amir: Yeah.

Jake: But you didn't get out of jail for free.

Amir: I'm not gonna let some quack in a van hack me up in a can for fifty bucks. No way, that's not me, okay? And this one's for real.

Jake: Tell you what: I'm just gonna know everything you say from now on is gonna be for real.

Amir: It's for real, yeah.

Jake: Yeah, so don't say it anymore.

Amir: Okay.

Jake: I'm not saying you should let somebody hack you up in a van.

Amir: Okay well, Tranlyn comes in with a fricking t—

Jake: Stop, I can already tell you're having Leron's friends operate on you.

Amir: Try not—try not 'perating—or noperting on me—he's not operating—

Jake: Yeah I got—

Amir: —try not-perat—

Jake: Time's up, you're not gonna bring the pun home.

Amir: I'm gonna get there, okay!

Jake: You tried—

Amir: I'm gonna nail it! How's that for funny?

Jake: I don't think it would have been funny even if you did nail it.

Amir: I was gonna nail it.

Jake: No, nailing it is like getting it right the first time.

Amir: Right.

Jake: So there's no way you could have nailed it.

Amir: Okay, well I'm sorry I'm not good with wordplay right now, but I'm kinda... I'm bleeding out, man.

Jake: What?

Amir: I faked the anesthesia! Yeah! I blew into the tube instead of sucking in, alright? First sign of a cut I start squealing like a 
pig in the mud.

Jake: Oh my god.

Amir: I'm down to yell Gotcha!, but turns out it hurt like a bleach. So the yolk's on me, and this time—

Jake: It's for real. Yeah, okay.

Amir: Exactly right. So I start picking out the IVs, right, squirting blood on the one get well card that I made for myself. How 
embarrassing is that? Then I leap out of the chair, knock Tranlyn's head together with a nurse's, they're concussed, and I hop out of 
the van unscathed.

Jake: You're bleeding from so many parts of your body.

Amir: I'm a little bit scathed, okay. But once I get this (Lifts up his gown to show a cut in his side) thing closed up, I'll be fine.

Jake: Oh my god! No!

Amir: What? It's much worse than it looks.