Jake and Amir Hurricane Charity

Jake: Watch this video until the end to find out how you can help!

Amir: No don't do it, it's a trap!

Girl: woah, you order a lot of pad thai!

Jake: Did I give you permission to go into my refrigerator?

Girl: Do you even eat the leftovers?

Enter Amir with a slice of ham in his hand.

Amir: We goin' ham!

Jake: Yeah, why did you bring that?

Amir: This is a charity drop off right, for hurricane sandy?

Jake: Yes.

Amir: So I'm dropping off this piece of ham.

Jake: That piece of ham is an example of a perishable food and I asked you to bring non-perishable food.

Amir: It's the least I can do!

Jake: It's the least amount of food you could bring.

Amir: That's not true, I could've eaten more, brought less.

Jake: You ate some of the ham!?

Amir: What about all these water bottles, are you giving people shit about bringing that?

Jake: No, because people need water! 

Amir: No, because you hate me!

Jake: Oh my god, you're selfish.

Amir: Actually, little known fact, it was water that caused all the damage to begin with.

Jake: That's a well-known fact.

Amir: If you don't accept this ham, I'm going to have no choice but to, to, to throw it away. 

Jake: Great, I don't accept the ham.

Amir: What?! I'm not going to just toss it.

Jake: You're kidding me. You're crying right now?

Amir: I'm crying!

Jake: You're beefing?

Amir: I'm beefing!

Jake: Beefing over the ham?!

Amir: Beefing over the ham!

Jake: Throw it away! It looks expired!

Amir: Yeah well it's a lot younger than you are!

Jake: Right, I was worried it was a week old, not twenty seven years old!

Amir: What am I supposed to do now man? Huh? I'm starting to think that you won't even accept ham!

Jake: Why not just donate online?

Amir: No.

Jake: go to redcross.org (A: No) and you can donate there (A: no, no ,no, no) What?! Why?! (A: No, No!) Why not?! Why won't-

Amir: I already set up a fund okay! I'm good on that front!

Jake: Yeah, I saw the kick-starter you launched! Amir Blumenfeld Foundation (with A) for not giving a shit!

Amir: Yeah!

Jake: What good is that gonna do? 

Amir: For 1000 dollars, I'll lick my own butt!

Jake:  Do you think you answered my question?

Amir: This is a shame of me. Yeah, it really is...

Jake: What does that mean?

Amir: It's a sh..yeah, yeah I'm

Jake: What Amir?

Amir: No.

Jake: Are you ashamed?

Amir: No... I've n...I didn't say that.

Jake: Just like feel negative about-

Amir: Yeah, I just feel like the tables are turning not in my favour...

Jake: That's not really an expression...

Amir: What? The tables are turning? Yes it is..

Jake: No the shame on.. You should have brought spam. The joke would still have worked, it would've been a non-perishable food. 'We goin' spam'.

Amir:  Woah.

Girl: Jake! That's poor taste!

Amir: Bad joke, No. Bad you!

Jake: Okay, I'll tell you what, I'll give you five dollars to leave before you go give it back to me and I'll donate it in your name okay?

Amir: Okay, how about this? I will give you one dollar back, keeping the four as a go fuck yourself fee for making me feel like shit for donating water and ham!

Jake: When did you donate water?

Amir spits in Jake's face

Jake: You piece of shi-

Jake: Hey guys, thank you very much for watching our video. I know we made a lot of jokes but you can actually help by going to redcross.org - don't touch me. - donate online or if you live in the tri-state area, you can donate your canned goods, water and batteries.

Amir: Now, I know what you're thinking, why donate? Good question, you don't have to. 

Jake: Nobody's thinking that! You piece of shit!

Amir:  Well I'm just saying, show both sides of the argument!

Jake: Oh My God!