[Introduction] 

Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. 

Amir: No, I'm recording intros. 

Jake: Leave, man. 

[Jake and Amir at their desks]

Amir (listening to his headphones): laughing Right in the kisser. 

Jake: Hey, um...

Amir (Talking to his headphones): Hold on one second... What?

Jake: a lot of people have been complaining to me. 

Amir: And you believe them?! 

Jake: I haven't said what it is yet. 

Amir: Okay, I set up a spy cam in the women's restroom. Sue me. 

Jake: Wow. They might. 

Amir: Okay, then I'll countersue. How's that? Two sues for the price of one. 

Jake: It's about your stench. 

Amir: Or lack thereof. laugh

Jake: No, not a lack thereof, exactly what I said. Okay? You reek of shit. 

Amir: Jealous much? 

Jake: I'm not jealous. Look, this isn't going away, alright? You smell like you're dead. 

Amir: I'll apologize, but I'm not gonna shower. 

Jake: That's not good enough, then. We all want the exact opposite. 

Amir: I said I was sorry! 

Jake: First of all you didn't, second of all we don't want your apology, we want you to take a shower. 

Amir: Okay, this is catching me way off guard. 

Jake: Is it really? Because last week a bunch of people chased you with a hose and soap. 

Amir: I thought that was a goof! 

Jake: Why would that be a goof? You whispered something to Sarah and she got an ear infection. 

Amir: Alright, you think I give a flaming fart what people say, man? 

(Amir pulls his legs up and grabs a lighter)

Jake: I know you don't. Don't do that. 

(Amir lights a flame, starts to fart, and leak shit through his khakis as he moans)

Amir: Oh, no! Oh, anyhoot! 

Jake: No! No! Not anyhoot, okay? You have to go change your pants now. 

Amir: Why, 'cause I farted? Wow. It was a toot. An SBD, so NBD, on NBC (to the NBC chime) laughs 

Jake: You leaked shit into your khakis. 

Amir: Yeah, ever heard of I'll clean it after work? So shut up. 

Jake: No. I haven't ever heard of (starts yelling) sharting your pants, with wet diarrhea, and then waiting a full five hours to clean it up, okay? That is the first time I've ever heard of that. 

Amir: Losers wipe, okay? Winners go home and f*** the prom queen. 

Jake: You're not gonna f*** anybody. It looks like you sat on a water balloon filled with chili. 

Amir: Okay, you think I give a flaming fart- 

(Amir kicks up his legs again) 

Jake: Oh my god, it smells like gasoline and fish.