Opening Sequence

Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.

Amir: Duh.

Jake: Why do you have to be in the room?

Amir: I'm lonely.



Episode

(Jake is playing How to Train Your Dragon)

Jake: Dammit, stop!

(Amir comes up to Jake with a Smirnoff ice)

Amir: Um, I believe this ice is for you.

Jake: Um—

Amir: As you have just been iced!

Jake: Okay, I am not playing Bros Icing Bros.

Amir: Chug it, pledge!

Jake: This game was popular like two months ago, and nobody's playing anymore.

Amir: Do you have any idea what the punishment is for a bitching bro who doesn't wanna chug his ice?

Jake: No.

Amir: Okay, me neither. I was hoping you would. The website's kind of hazy on that.

Jake: I think you just get deactivated from the game or something.

Amir: No no no! It has to be a more severe punishment than that.

Jake: Just, shh! I don't know what it is because I'm not playing—

Amir: Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug—

Pat: Shut up!

Amir: Sorry. You wouldn't want—you wouldn't want me to apologize though if you knew what this bro was doing, you'd want me to yell 
chug, cause this guy—you wouldn't—you'd know—

Jake: Can you finish a sentence properly? You're stuttering, you just, y-y-y-you can't say anything right!

Amir: Okay you're frustrating me! You're—

Jake: Well still, you should be able to talk! Why don't you chug it?

Amir: Gladly!

(Amir chugs it)

Jake: Okay, now you're without an ice, so (grabs an ice), I ice you.

Amir: What.

Jake: You don't have an ice; I'm icing you.

Amir: Well, I think there's a rule that says you can't really chug two in a row, because—

Jake: Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug!

(Amir chugs it)

Amir: And now, since you don't have an ice, I will ice (grabs an ice) you!

(Jake grabs an ice)

Jake: Ice blocked! Sorry, now you gotta drink them both.

Amir: How do you have that?!

Jake: Why are you so drunk already?

Amir: I was iced twice on the way to work!

Jake: Wow, on the way to work?

Amir: Once on the subway, and once right in the lobby of our building!