(Jake is by him self at the bar, a girl approaches him)

GIRL: Hey there.

JAKE: Why don't I save you some time and give you Pat's number, so you can go fuck him. 

(girl leaves and Amir pops up in her place)

AMIR: Hey man, you should stop drinking, I mean, that's not going to get Sarah to want to have sex with you. Although, when Pat did it, it helped a lot--

JAKE: Please don't right now. 

AMIR: You should've heard them the other night. They were all just like--

JAKE: (sighs) I don't want to hear that from you. 

(Amir reaches off camera and pulls Sam next to Jake, begins whispering into Sam's ear)

SAM: Oh man, oh man! Amir, get the hell out of here! 

JAKE: (to Sam) Why do you do this? 

SAM: (to Jake) Amir gave me like, promised three thousand dollars.

AMIR: In change, though, so. You know I'm good for that.

(Sam sighs and exits)

AMIR: I mean, didn't beating the shit out of Pat make you feel any better? 

JAKE: Kind of. 

(Sarah enters)

SARAH: Hey, Jake.

JAKE: (turning around to face her) Sarah. 

SARAH: Jake, listen. 

AMIR: Whoa, sleepover tonight?

SARAH: Not now.

AMIR: Right, not now. Let's do it later, but you start getting drunk, I'll start calling Patty. 

SARAH: OK, listen, I have something I have to say. 

(Background noise is muted)

JAKE: You don't have to say anything. Let's just go back to the way we were. 

SARAH: I'd really like that. 

JAKE: I just--

(Girl enters again, background noise comes back)

GIRL: Hey, who's that Pat guy you said I could fuck? 

JAKE: Ah. 

SARAH: Yeah, Jake, who's that Pat guy you said she could fuck?

JAKE: (rapidly, high pitched) It was a joke. It was a joke. (normal) Sarah--

SARAH and JAKE: It was a joke. 

SARAH: Got it. You know what? You and Amir, you are perfect for each other. So why don't you just, hang out together or whatever. 

AMIR: We will! Thank you. Bye. (to girl) Hi, Pat Cassels, do you like wrestling?

(Blackout)

(Pat, with a black eye, is leaving a voicemail)

PAT: Hey, Sarah, umm, it-it's Pat. Umm, again. Ha. Listen. Uh, last night was just, it was  (in Spanish accent) incredible. I know that you just think of it as a one night thing, but I, you know what? I think we should do it, you know, do it . . . I want to date you. I think we should date.  Stead-Go out steadily, we should be- go steady with one another. Also, oh, I want to apologize because for, when, the way Jake reacted, and the way he hit me that night and scared you.  Umm, I didn't- I seemed like you were terrified, that's probably why you were laughing. I'm sorry, I'm rambling, I'm rambling, I'm so, I'm just- I never felt this way before! Anyway, umm, oh. (checks phone) OK, Sarah, I got to go, Amir is calling me. OK, bye. 

THE END. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUyPfvnx8g4