Jake: Yo, you're watching Jake and Amir.

Amir: Wow, yo, you're such a surfer guy.

Jake: Come on.



Jake: Alright, thank you for coming in. So the internship here is-

Amir (cutting in): UNAVAILABLE, hi, Amir Blumenfeld. Whoa, weak grip.

Jake: This isn't a couch. I said you could help me conduct these interviews if-

Amir (cutting in): if you lead the charge I know. You know they say to dress for the job you want but I don't know if we have any openings in the hooker division.

Jake: Leave.

Amir: Ya heard him. Leave.



Jake: What's your biggest weakness?

Interviewee: Well my eyesight isn't perfect.

Amir: Ha ha ha. You just cost yourself the job dumbass. Bad eyes, no, bad you.

Jake: You know, you wear glasses. 

Amir: Because I can't see without them, Jake.



Amir: Listen, you're gonna get sexually harassed working here, okay dude? Massages and more are par for the course especially looking like you do. How much you bench kid?

Interviewee: I don't know if I want to work here anymore.

Amir: Ooh, playing hard to get I like that. Now I gotta have you. Hehe. Lie down.

Jake: Leave, quick.



(Interviewee is crying)

Amir: What is this? Is it something that I said or did?

Jake: I think it was both.  Because you said You'll never work in this town again and then you boxed her ears. 

Amir: If she's waiting for an apology from me I can outlast this diva queen. With her drama.



Amir: What's your sexual orientation kiddo?

Jake: Whoa, whoa!

Amir: Alright you don't have to answer that, you don't have to answer that.

Jake: You legally can't ask that.



Amir: Can you cover your ears for just like a second. Heh thanks. (Whispering) I'm trying to play it cool but I'm 90 percent sure this kid is Shia LaBeouf. 

Jake: It's definitely not. 

Amir: Uncover now. Hey, great thanks. Two questions for you, one: When can you start and two what was it like working with and kissing with Megan Fox!



Amir: You know what I did to the last chick that was in here? I boxed her fricken ears. Hard.

Jake: He really did.



Amir: Just a really big fan and that's all I'm gonna say okay from here on out you're just another dude to me. Heh. Follow up question, what was it like sharing the screen with Hollywood legend Harrelson fricken Ford. 

Jake: You know his name on his resume says Michael Fink.

Amir: Yeah because you don't put your real name on shit. Not when you're A-list. Dumbass.

Jake: You're a dumbass.  Why would Shia LaBeouf need an internship?

Amir: Call me a dumbass again and I will smack you I swear I don't take kindly to that shit. Sorry Shia you have to see me like this, usually I'm a pretty cool guy but I really don't take kindly to that dumbass shit.

Jake: What are you talking about? You're just trying to act tough in front of someone you think is Shia LaBeouf.

Amir: Here we go.

(Amir tries to hit Jake, Jake blocks it)

Jake: Get-

Amir (crying): Ow.  Dammit! Sorry, I- I- I promised myself I wouldn't beef in front of the beef, but here I am. No homo.



Amir: Okay what if I offered you the job huh? Would that make you feel better babe?

Jake: I don't think you should do that because we don't know if she's qualified yet. You boxed her ears pretty much right away. 

Amir: Yeah, you want a job kiddo? What if I gave you the job. Yeah?

Interviewee: Okay.



Interviewee: Thanks for calling me in guys this is exciting!

Jake: Yeah! So you go to-

Amir: Do you watch Even Stevens?

Interviewee: What?

Amir: Yeah. Guess who was sitting in your chair not twenty minutes ago.

Jake: Just drop it.

Amir: Shia La fucking beef.  He even signed my tit. Fake name, but...



Amir: What's your favorite color?

Interviewee: Green.

Amir: CREAM? Who's favorite color is cream? Leave.

Jake: He said green.

Amir: Doesn't matter.

Jake: I agree. I mean, why ask that question in a job interview. 

Amir: What do you want me to ask, why do you want to work here?

Jake: Yes, ask that.  What is wrong with you?

Amir: NO! NO!

Jake: What's YOUR favorite color. 

Amir: Green. Huh? Hands down. That or a milky tan like this chair. 

Jake: THAT'S CREAM!

Amir (mocking): That's cream!

Jake: THAT'S CREAM and he left.



Amir (speaking to the candidates): Hey guys I'm sorry to say but the search is over. Yeah, well, something tells me you wont be that disappointed when I tell you who we got though. Shia the fricken beef.