(Jake is sat between Pat and Amir at a table, Jake remains emotionless throughout)

PAT: Sarah is a big girl, she's going to forgive you, dude. The important thing for you, right now, is to just get her out of your mind.

AMIR: Exactly! Think about something else for once, like about how you made Sarah cry yesterday.  That'll get your mind off of things, ri--

PAT: You're not helping.

AMIR: OK, but I'm not hurting.

PAT:  Yeah, you are. 

AMIR: OK, I meant physically.

PAT: So did I, you're digging your fingernails into Jake's arm. 

AMIR: (lifting Jake's arm) OK, well I'm nervous, I'm sor--

(cut)

PAT: This (puts a 6-pack of beer on the table) is what you need, OK? Look, it's your favorite beer, the one with the--

AMIR: OK, you know what? Every beer is my favorite beer, so send it. How do I open this?

(cut - Pat and amir have begun drinking the beers)

PAT: Jake, I'm telling you. Sarah is not the only girl out there, OK? There's a million pebbles on the beach. 

AMIR: There's a million and sixty pebbles on the beach and you're going to eat all of them, I'm telling you! What is in this? I feel so weird and confident, handsome. 

(cut - Pat is on his second beer, Amir still appears to be only half way through his first but far more inebriated) 

PAT: You know what, dude? If she means that much to you, you just need to talk to her. Call her.

AMIR: Call that bitch up, and cuss that bitch out. Straight up!

PAT: No, that's not what I meant. 

AMIR: OK, well then let me call her, and apologize. (high pitched) 'Cause I just sent her a nasty test mess--(normal) I just sent her a nasty text message from your phone. (holds it up to Pat)

PAT: I can't read that. 

AMIR: What are you drunk or something?

PAT: No. You just don't know how to spell. 

(Amir laughs)

(cut - Amir has finished his beer)

PAT: I'm going to tell you w-what my dad told me, and it's got me through some of the hardest times--

AMIR: (lifts up a vodka bottle) SHOTS!! (laughs)

PAT: (takes bottle) Thank you!

(cut)

PAT and AMIR: (holding up shot glasses and chanting nonsense) 

(cut)

AMIR: I'm scared of death.

PAT: Me too.

(cut)

(Pat and Amir are clinking beer bottles together) 

PAT and AMIR: (singing) Sing us a song, you're the piano man. Sing--

(cut)

AMIR: (wearing cardboard on his head, eyes closed) You know, me and Jake have been best friends for so long, we've never considered asking a third person to join that mix, Mr. Casselios. Also, I pee-peed in me pants. 

PAT: Whoa. You must be drunk.

AMIR: No, I did that before we got in here. I'm just drunk enough to admit it now.

(cut)

PAT and AMIR: (singing into beer bottles) Lady in red, is dancing with me--

(cut)

AMIR: (humping Jake with beer bottle) Pow! Pow! Pow! 

PAT: (looking at his phone) Whoa, stop, stop, stop, stop! Sarah just texted me. 

AMIR: (covering Jake's ears) Oh no, don't let this guy hear!

PAT: She's throwing a party, and guess what? (taps Amir on the head) You're coming with me! 

AMIR: (laughing) Yes, I am! 

PAT: (to Jake) Now I know why you like this guy so much! I get it! 

AMIR: Let's go. Uh, buh-bye.

PAT: Uh-thank you. 

PAT and AMIR: Uh-thank you. Uh-thank you. (they leave, Jake is still sat at the table) 

(blackout)

(Pat and Amir return)

AMIR: Before we forget, I'm really, really sorry, I'm going to have to take this. (grabs vodka bottle) You know how pissed Sarah can get. (laughs) Don't wait up! 

THE END. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCzJS8Ryf0w