INTRO:

Amir: You're watching Jake and Amir, and now you're not.

Jake: They still are.

Amir: Fuuudge.

(Jake is sleeping in a hotel room bed, Amir is sitting next to him with a cup of tea)

Amir: makes strange face, mumbles quietly, blows on Jakes face, clinks teacup with saucer trying to wake Jake up

Amir: (Loudly) Our Los Angeles itinerary is as follows:

Jake: What time is it?

Amir: (Singing) 6 a.m, day after Christmas, I put mumbles

Jake: Why did you...

Amir: (Singing loudly) She's a brick and I'm drowning slowly!

Jake: Stop singing...

Amir: (Still singing) Off the brick and...

Jake: Stop singing that song!

Amir: It's about a fun vacation!

Jake: It's not about a fun vacation, it's about a... Why did you get me up this early?

Amir: When I tell you the reason? Yeah you're gonna feel like a goose. Okay, so I urge you to back down now.

Jake: Just tell me.

Amir: I made you tea. It's too late, I said it, you're a jerk.

Jake: No, I don't think that was nice, it wasn't nice of you to make tea this early and then wake me up.

Amir: (Laughs in a somewhat surprised way) I didn't want it to get cold!

Jake: Bad logic. Bad logic, right? Make the tea later.

Amir: I knew you were gonna say that.

Jake: If you knew I was gonna say that then why did you do it?

Amir: Because I didn't know until you said it, and then right as you said it I knew!

Jake: Okay then you didn't know! So don't...

Amir: (Punches Jake twice) Tit punch!

Jake: Dude, why did you do that?

Amir: Ya get one tit punch!

Jake: That was two.

Amir: A bonus tit punch for counting the tit punches... Like a tit.

Jake: Just tell me what the itinerary is...

Amir: (Reading from a paper) 6 a.m: Wake up, receive a tit punch.

Jake: Great. Done. Next.

Amir: 6:15: Triple S, shower, shave, shit.

Jake: Bad order.

Amir: At the same time.

Jake: Jesus Christ.

Amir: 7:30: Tour the canyon, there's a beautiful spot in the middle where you can see the Colorado river for miles. (Jake looks confused) 8 a.m: Rent donkeys, hire a local jackass, pun intended, to help us navigate...

Jake: Okay stop it, do you think we're at the Grand Canyon?

Amir: (Hesitates, folds the paper) No.

Jake: (Grabs paper) A lot of this stuff is canyon related.

Amir: (Dismissively) Name twelve. And make sure that they're about the Grand Canyon specifically, not just about any canyon.

Jake: Great. Easy. 9 a.m: Get a view of the canyon, she is grand, and she is canyon.

Amir: I am a shame.

Jake: 10 a.m: Get matching Grand Canyon tattoos. They should read This friendship is as grand as the canyon. Arizona.

Amir: No.

Jake: Yeah. 11 a.m. just says Arizona eight times in a row.

Amir: This is a public shaming of me.

Jake: No it's... We're in a... No it's not.

Amir: This is so messed up. I made like an amazing jackass-donkey pun earlier, and we're just glossing over it.

Jake: The stuff that's not canyon related is just straight up mean.

Amir: (Whiny) It's poking fun at society! Yeah okay, who are we if we can't laugh at ourselves?

Jake: (Talking as Amir is whining) Oh my god, stop with the voice.

Amir: You know not everyone has these rose colored sunglasses that you do!

Jake: 1 p.m: Break all the baby food at the supermarket so the babies have no food?

Amir: Occupy Baby Street.

Jake: 2 p.m. says French kiss a French bulldog. Why do you wanna do that?

Amir: That's not me, that's you! Unless you wanna get... 

Jake: Tit punched, right, I...

Amir: Tit punched! (Punches Jake again, spills tea on him)

Jake: Oh my god, it's boiling!

Amir: Ah, I didn't want it to get cold!