Opening Sequence

Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. Not that I care.

Jake: You should.

Amir: Yeah well I do, okay, I care too much.



Episode

(Sarah, Jake and Murph are sitting together drinking milkshakes)

Jake: Milkshakes were a good idea.

Sarah: You're right, it's like drinking ice cream and milk at the same time.

Murph: Yes. Well mine's just chocolate pudding and soy milk, cause—

(Amir sits down)

Amir: I wish people would stop saying, I'm a foodie, and start saying what it actually is: I'm a prick about food.

Jake: Not funny.

Amir: Your Twitter.

Jake: Wow, okay, is it? Whatever.

Amir: What do you mean whatever? It was your tweet, I didn't get it either.

Jake: I got it, I was just wasn't trying to be funny.

Amir: So, why'd you tweet it?

Murph: You sent that tweet to me before you tweeted it, you wanted me to tell you if it was funny or not...

Jake: Yeah, and you didn't respond, so why do you care now?

(Sarah leaves)

Jake: Great.

Amir: Yeah, great. Get out of here.

Jake: No—

Sarah: I'm leaving!

Jake: I didn't ask you to leave—(To Amir) what are you doing here, alright?

Amir: Reading your tweets. Doy.

Jake: Why are you just reading them? They're not funny.

Amir: Then why'd you tweet them, okay? How many retweets did they get?

Jake: I don't know, I don't gi—(Murph leaves) I don't give a crud about my stupid Twitter, I don't even know how to check—

Amir: Go to Your Tweets and then go to—Your Tweets, Retweets—

Jake: Tweets, Retweeted—

Amir: —go to Retweets and then Your Tweets—

Jake: Not a lot. Not a lot. There's one—there's two. One of them said it was stupid after.

Amir: See?

Jake: Well this is me not caring: huugh! How do I delete it?

Amir: How to delete what? Your account?

Jake: No, just the dumb tweet.

Amir: Well they're all dumb tweets, so I would just—

Jake: They're not all dumb. This one's funny, this one's about Inception: I understood Inception; in my dreams! Well it's like two 
months old.

(Sarah comes back for her milkshake)

Jake: Sarah, did you read the...?

Sarah: (Leaving) Yeah.

Jake: It's not funny if you read it out loud.

Amir: Yeah well all tweets are read.

Jake: Not out loud! Not out loud. That's the dumbest thing you've ever said, I'm gonna tweet that right now.

Amir: Yeah, cause you tweet dumb things.

Jake: I'm gonna delete my entire Twitter account. How's that for dumb.

Amir: Sorry for making you feel so insecure.

Jake: Insecure about what? Because I don't have a Twitter anymore. I deleted it. Oh, crap, Jwitz ain't got one.

Amir: Jesus. How many followers did you have?

Jake: 19760 something, but I hadn't checked in like an hour and I wasn't even sure.

Amir: (Leaving) I would not have done that.

Jake: That's the difference between you and me! I'm strong. And I—(Stays silent and looks regretful for some time) Kev! (Mimes getting 
a blowjob) Nah.



Outro

(Jake is talking on his phone, the camera filming him from outside the room he's in)

Jake: Yes, it was hacked and deleted, and I don't know why anyone would want to delete it but they deleted the account, and I just—so 
there's no way to get it back. None of the followers? I don't—no I wi—yeah I would take some of the tweets back, but it's more I would 
like the followers back. Then let me—and you don't protect them? There's not on a server, anywhere? It's not up in the Cloud? I—okay, 
let me talk to your manager. I would like—let me talk to a FUCKING manager!