Amir is sitting at Jake's desk, alone, on Jake's computer typing quickly and looking over his shoulder.

Jake walks up and sees Amir on his computer.

Jake: Hey, hey!

Amir pulls his hands back from the keyboard shaking.

Jake: What are you doing?!

Amir: Uhh. I'm playing Snood.

Jake: No you're-

Amir: Releex.

Jake: You're unsuccessfully trying to close Firefox. You know I can read what you're doing on here.

Amir: Oh. no.

Jake reads the browser history out loud. 

Jake: Where exactly does Jake live dot com.

Jake looks exasperated.

Jake: What is Jake's favorite color dot com, backslash is it blue, backslash grey.

Amir: Is it?

Jake: That's sad. Where does Jake hang out after work dot com.

Amir: Well you don't tell me so I figged I would ask Goog. I'm sorry.

Jake: You should be.

Jake resumes reading the websites out loud.

Jake: Does Jake secretly appreciate me dot no.

Amir: Dot com. 

Amir does a quick laugh.

Amir: Nice reading Einsteen.

Jake: What are teeth made out of dot com.

Amir: Like you know.

Jake: Enamel. Scale dot com.

Amir: The website where you step on it-

Jake: I remember that one.

Amir: -and it tells you how much you weigh.

Amir looks ashamed. Jake reads more of the history.

Jake: How does Google work dot com. Is this a search?

Jake talks to Amir.

Jake: You're getting closer.

Amir: Thank-

Jake: I'll give it to you.

Amir: Alright. Thank you.

Jake: Shit he's coming, close, close, close dot com. Then, Jake dot com. You tried to sneak one in there. 

Amir: You know this is more embarrassing for you than it is for me.

Jake: You don't get how embarrassing works. Alright, two things, okay? Number one, if you touch my computer again, I'm going to get you fired. Number two, get the fuck out of here.

Amir: Okay, number two, I will get out of here, right away if you answer me this-

Jake: Okay, Shasta McNasty.

Amir looks defeated.

Amir: Uh. 

Jake: And it wasn't the best show ever on television. Now leave.

Amir: Double or nothing.

Jake: French fries.

First Jake, then Amir get up.

Jake: Thank you.

Amir: Nevermind.

Amir goes back to his desk, Jake sits back down at his.

Jake: Okay, you left a picture of yourself when you were a kid on my desk.

Amir: Keep it!

Jake: I'm gonna throw it away.

Amir: DON'T! Keep it on your desk for thirty dollars.

Jake: I'll keep it on the top of my trashcan for ten.

Amir starts yelling all his responses.

Amir: DEAL!

Jake: You don't have to yell, you're standing right in front of me.

Amir: SORRY!

Jake: It's pathetic.

Amir: I KNOW! JAKE!

Outtake

Jake and Amir are both sitting at Jake's desk. Jake is going over his browser history to see what Amir was doing on his computer.

Jake: Does Jake secretly appreciate me dot no.

Amir: Dot com.

Amir does a short laugh.

Amir: Nice reading dipshit.

Jake and Amir both start laughing.

Jake: Not getting through this one dog!

THE END

EPISODE LINK