Opening Sequence 

Jake: Hey, you're watching—

Amir: Get in ma belly!

Jake: Wow, c'mon.

Amir: Fat Bastard.

Jake: I know.

Amir: So.



Episode 

Amir: Okay, here's one, here's one. Do you think you could train a parrot, to train a parrot? What? (laughs)

Jake: Do you think we've been talking? You haven't said anything for two hours and that's the first thing you've said to me.

Amir: rawwr! (laughs)

Jake: What do you do here? Seriously.

Amir: Aaah!

Jake: No I really want to know. Somebody asked me the other day, they asked me what your job was, and I couldn't think of anything I've 
ever seen you do.

Amir: (Puts his hands up so he's strangling thin air.) Ugggh.

Jake: C'mon. You come into work, sometimes with a computer—

(Amir holds up his laptop.)

Amir: Oooooh.

Jake: Yes, you've brought it today, but like what's on it?

(Amir shows Jake his laptop's screen.)

Jake: Okay it appears to be off.

Amir: Off, or sleeping? (Presses the space bar. Nothing happens.)

Jake: Off.

Amir: Dang it. Took a risk, went for it.

Jake: Okay, what's the last email you sent?

Amir: It's tough to say cause my computer's asleep at the moment.

Jake: Well you have a phone right, what's on your phone?

(Amir pulls out his phone.)

Amir: Barbecue sauce.

Jake: Lemme see it?

(Amir tosses Jake his phone.)

Jake: (Looking at the phone) No emails, no texts, one contact, 309 outgoing calls to someone named ##zzzzhelphello696969lol, but the 
number's mine.

(Amir smiles and throws his palms up in the air, and Jake does likewise.)

Jake: I don't know what to do! I'm gonna get you fired. I'm gonna try to get you fired.

(Amir dusts off his shoulders.)

Amir: Nah.

Jake: I just think it's in everybody's best interest if I just do that. The only problem is I don't know who to talk to because—

Amir: Because you don't know who my boss is, right? Cause you don't know what my job is. Sounds like you're S.O.L. (laughs)

Jake: Maybe I'll just talk to Ricky.

Amir: Wait don't! Okay. (Doing something with his laptop) I just didn't want to tell you what my job was because it was embarrassing, 
but if you really really really really wanna know...

(The laptop makes a start up sound.)

Jake: Sounds like your computer's starting up.

Amir: No, it's not. Uhm... I look for work and a career. Monsters.

Jake: Did you just Google search job?

(Amir strangles the air.)