INTRO Amir - Hey, you're watching Jurassic Park.

Jake - Jake and Amir. 

Amir - Same difference!



(Amir is scribbling in a notebook) 

JAKE: Hey, can I ask you a question? Why are you always writing in your notebook and never on your computer?

AMIR: Can I ask you question? Stand up so I can see your jeans.

JAKE: That's not a question. Let me see your notebook.  

(Amir throws the notebook over Jake's head)

JAKE: What are you doing? (mumbled as he's getting the notebook) I ask and you throw over, you're an asshole. (back at desk) OK, 'Dear Diary--

AMIR: It's a journal. 

JAKE: You write diary! You start every entry with 'dear diary'.

AMIR: As a goof.

JAKE: On who?? You wrote, 'dear diary, Jake hasn't complimented me in a million days' which sounds like an exaggeration because two days ago in a date marked October and 40th--

AMIR: All Hallow's Eve. 

JAKE: Nope. You wrote, 'Jake complimented me today.' Which I actually don't remember. 

AMIR: Yeah! You were texting, OK? And someone said something that made you laugh, and you were smiling, and then you looked up at me and like, you know, once--

JAKE: (reading) 'once our eyes met, his smiled turned instantly into a scowl, but for that moment, he was all smiles and it was like a--

AMIR and JAKE: Dream'.

AMIR: Yeah, exactly.

JAKE: You count that as a compliment?

AMIR: Yeah! That's a win! OK, I count that as a 'W' in the old diary.

JAKE: I thought it was a journal. 

AMIR: That's a journal. (holding up a scroll) This is a diary. 

JAKE: That's a scroll. Let me see your backpack. 

(Amir tosses Jake his backpack)

JAKE: Yeah. This is just filled with notebooks and scrolls. 

AMIR: Dinner tonight?

JAKE: Wow, please don't start saying that again. 

AMIR: I barely say it anymore!

JAKE: You used to say it all the time. 

AMIR: Exactly, and that's why it's funny to do that. 

JAKE: What?

AMIR: You say stuff over and over, OK? That's what makes it funny.

JAKE: Yeah but it gets old and repetitive. 

AMIR: No, no-

JAKE: You have to change it up a little.

AMIR: No, no! In a perfect world, everything would always stay the same. OK, nothing would ever change, you know that. 

JAKE: Wow, yeah, you wrote that in your diary. 

AMIR: Journal. 

JAKE: No! This was on the scroll!

AMIR: OK, we're still a go-ies(?) then? 

JAKE: Oh my god. 

AMIR: Just give me my old scroll bag backpack back, please. 

THE END.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NwVm0lS1m0