INTRO Jake - Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. 

Amir - Please, please digg and reblog.

Jake - Wow, don't sound desperate. 

Amir - Sorry. 



(Jake runs into Amir in the hallway)

JAKE: There he is! 

AMIR: There he-I is!

JAKE: I cannot even believe you came into work today, man.

AMIR: Why? It's not President's Day, is it?

JAKE: Dude, after last night, bro? 

AMIR: Oh, bro! Whoa, why? I don't know though, bro. What?

JAKE: What do you think you did last night? 

AMIR: I went to Blockbuster, I rented N64 and Snowboard Kids, why? Do you want to come over or something?

JAKE: Do you seriously not remember? 

AMIR: No.

JAKE: We got drunk last night!

AMIR: Uh, yeah, I don't- I honestly don't remember. Did we? Oh.

JAKE: Oh, my god. It's called blacking out, man.

AMIR: Ah.

JAKE: You must've forgotten the entire night! 

AMIR: Yeah! I think so. This is awesome! 

JAKE: (chuckling) Shit! I had no idea you could drink that much. Did you know you could drink that much?

AMIR: Yeah, definitely. Why? How much though?

JAKE: Try three bottles of vodka!  

AMIR: Yeah! I knew that! I could drink more than that. 

JAKE: I know you can because you had some fucking gin right afterwards!

AMIR: Oh yeah, we had the gymnastics.

JAKE: Yeah, they called you the gin guzzler, yo. 

AMIR: Yeah, they call me the gym guzzler, yo. 

JAKE: The gin guzzler. You were dancing. You were out on the dance floor. You were all being fucking weird. You were shaking your shit around.

(Amir is shaking about) 

JAKE: Yeah, everyone thought you looked like an asshole! 

(Amir abruptly stops)

AMIR: OK. (goes to leave)

(Jake stops Amir)

JAKE: Except for one girl.  

AMIR: Oh. 

JAKE: Who is kind of into it. She walks on over and she's all swaggin' it and you got your confidence all turned on--

AMIR: (swaying) Yeah.

JAKE: --and you grab her by the waist and--

(Amir tries to grab Jake by the waist)

JAKE: Her by the waist!

AMIR: Sure. (faces wall as if that's the girl)

JAKE: All right, not me. And you were like 'Hey, babe.' you kissed her right on the mouth. 

(Amir acts as though he's going to make out with the wall)

JAKE: That's what I'm talking about. And then she fucking PUKED!

(Amir acts as though he's been puked on)

AMIR: Ugh!

JAKE: All over you, it was crazy! How do you not remember this? 

AMIR: I do, uh, yeah.

JAKE: You were fucking cussing her out. You were all pissed about it--

AMIR: Stupid B. 

JAKE: --bouncer, he comes over and he's like 'Hey, you yelling at this girl?'--

AMIR: (motioning as if there's a bouncer there) No! 

JAKE: --and then her boyfriend came over--

AMIR: (now motioning to an invisible boyfriend) Hey, man! No, no, no.

JAKE: Then, he flails you up against the wall--

(Amir throws himself against the wall)

JAKE: --and he's like 'I'm going to kick your ass' and you're fucking pleading with your eyes--

(Amir is making a puppy face)

JAKE: --please don't take my life, please don't take my life. You're begging him with your eyes and he- You're freakin' peeing your pants. You're pissing your pants. He felt bad for you and he just tossed you out on the curb.

(Amir throws himself onto the floor) 

JAKE: You crawled back in and you were like 'Aw, fuck, please Jake, I need to get home--

(Amir is miming along with Jake from the floor)

JAKE: --let me borrow ten bucks to get home. Please, please, please.' Then I lent you ten bucks and I want that back now and I won't tell anybody about what happened last night. 

AMIR: OK, I only have a twenty. But why don't you take it, and you don't tell anybody about last night, twice. 

JAKE: Deal. (turns and walks down hallway) Hey, Rosie, movie is on me! (stops after a few steps and sighs) I feel bad. (turns and walks back to Amir) Let me get another twenty, I don't want to make him walk. We're going to take a cab. We're going to cab it. 

AMIR: You're going to cab it. 

JAKE: (taking the money forcefully from Amir's hand) We're going to cab it. 

THE END. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ivBBLxesJY