INTRO Amir - All right. New rules.  I'll introduce the videos, if and only if--

Jake - Time's up. 

Amir - Dang it. 



AMIR: Babe .  .  .  baaaabe.

JAKE: I really hope you're not talking to me. 

AMIR: I'm not.  Did you get the letter I sent you, babe?

JAKE: I didn't. Did you send me a letter?

AMIR: I did. I did send you a letter, and let me know when you get it because there's a couple things that I want to clarify.  Firstly, in the opening paragraph--

JAKE: I said I didn't get the letter.

AMIR: OK, just let me know when you do because I left some things intentionally ambiguous. 

JAKE: Why would you intentionally leave things ambiguous?

AMIR: So that I could clarify them later. Oooh!

JAKE: OK, well I'll let you know.  

AMIR: Please do. Please do-do. (chuckles) Please do-do, but not in my tea, or in my coffee! Haha, no. 

JAKE: Where'd you send it? Where'd you send the letter? What name and address did you put on it?  Cool, so I'm not going to get the letter. 

AMIR: Oh. You'll get the letter.

JAKE: I'm not going to get the letter, not if you didn't put a name and address on the envelope. 

AMIR: OK, I don't want to argue with you anymore about this stupid letter!

JAKE: OK, you shouldn't.

AMIR: OK, you're going to get it, and we're going to laugh. And we're going to laugh and we're going to crack up when you read it. 

JAKE: Even if I did get the letter--

AMIR: Which you will.

JAKE: --I don't think I'd laugh about it. I definitely wouldn't crack up. 

AMIR: OK, forget it. I'm going to change the subject. (pause) What do you think is in the letter?

JAKE: How is that changing the subject?

AMIR: (rapidly) Because before we were talking about whether or not you would get it and now we're talking about the contents of the letter. 

JAKE: Still sounds like we're talking about the letter. 

AMIR: Yeah, well I'm not going to not talk about the letter, I want to talk about the letter!

JAKE: OK, you know what? I got the letter.  I got the letter and it's at home and I'll read it and we'll talk about it tomorrow. 

AMIR: You didn't get the letter.

JAKE: How do you know that?

AMIR: Because I never sent a letter!

JAKE: Oh my god!

AMIR: You placate me too often.  I address that in the letter.  (pause) Somewhat ambiguously, but I would clarify it later. (pause) Any odds you already got it? 

THE END.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmFx7Eoe34A