INTRO
AMIR: Hey, you're just watching two handsome dudes do what they do.
JAKE: Oh, you're a dick.
AMIR: Why?
AMIR puts toothpaste on his toothbrush, thinks for a second, then washes it off.
JAKE: Wow, saw that.
AMIR: Relax, dude, I'm on vacation, okay? Don't make me regret traveling with you.
JAKE: I regret it. And you know, by the way, we're not actually traveling together. I went on a work trip, and when I got to the airport I went to baggage claim and you came out inside my duffel bag. Coiled up in there with two dislocated shoulders, nearly frozen to death. You whispered, "Surprise. Help me. Help me."
AMIR: Alright man, you said something nice I appreciate it, now stop talking before you ruin it.
JAKE: What did I say that was nice?
AMIR: Let's just go to bed okay? Lights out.
AMIR flicks off the light switch, and the episode is in pitch darkness until the very end. The only dialogue is a voice-over.
AMIR: Aah.
JAKE: You okay?
AMIR: Yeah. Just, uh, it's just dark as shit. Trying to find the bed.
JAKE: Turn on the light.
AMIR (After a think sound): Awwh!
JAKE: Turn on the light!
AMIR: And give up! You'd love to see that!
JAKE: I'll just turn on my light.
AMIR: No no no no no no no, I can do this!
JAKE: Pretty sad actually, that you're viewing this as a challenge.
AMIR: Either way, challenge accepted, and completed! 'Cause I just found the bed.
JAKE: Did you think you were pulling the metal faucet of a bed?
AMIR: Har har HARDLY. Which is why I'm about to turn it off! Aah! It's hot!
JAKE: Why are you in it?
AMIR: I thought I had to walk through it to get to the bedroom!
JAKE: Just turn on the light!
AMIR: Why? Why, so you could say I told you so?
JAKE: So we can go to bed, you idiot.
AMIR: We CAN go to bed. You're the idiot, 'cause I just found it, and to prove it, I'm gonna fall backwards into it, right now.
JAKE: Don't do this.
Loud thunk and farting noise
JAKE: Oh, god. Bud? Bud? Bud!
AMIR: grunting
JAKE: Oh my god, you sound like a different person.
AMIR: Missed the bed by a quarter foot. Worry not, crawling into her right now.
JAKE: My bed. This is my bed, get out, you're wet.
AMIR: Here we go.
JAKE: Why are you opening a drawer?
AMIR: Just getting my bearings straight, loser! Arrivederci!
Glass crashing
AMIR: Wow, my hand sucks now.
JAKE: Are you okay?
AMIR: Yes sir, just a close call. Worry not. Here we go, leaping into bed, one time.
AMIR apparently crashes through a window, lets out a scream, then makes a car crash causing the siren to go off, all while a lady is screaming. The sound of Amir running back up the stairs and knocking on the door is heard. The lights go back on now, we see AMIR in his underwear holding a cat. He's wet and has a bloody mouth.
AMIR: Room service?
JAKE: Ass.
AMIR: No.