Title:

Jake: You're watching Jake and Amir.

Amir: Wait wait I'm going to sneeze.

Jake: You don't even have to be here. (Amir Sneezes)

Amir: Sorry.

Episode:

(Jake comes in to work rolling a suit case)

Amir: Um, no?

Jake: What?

Amir: Throw that suitcase away, or I'll throw you away.

Jake: Okay fine, throw me away.

Amir: Throw me a bone.

Jake: I'm going on vacation, don't freak out.

Amir: Why would I freak out? Okay, I just have one question...

(Amir bends down and hits his head on his desk)

Jake: You alright? Are you putting on sun glasses?

Amir: No.

Jake: Oo, dropped 'em.

Amir: No.

Jake: Look, just ask me the question.

(Amir hits his head coming up from under the desk wearing sun glasses and eye glasses)

Amir: Hahaha, where are we going?

Jake: Why didn't you take off your other glasses?

Amir: Didn't need to.

Jake: I'm going to Los Angeles.

Amir: Los Angeles, what?

Jake: You said the whole thing.

Amir: I said the whole thing, what?

Jake: Stop acting surprised, okay? I told you about this every single day for a month.

(Amir takes off sun glasses, looks into distance, flashback sequence begins)

Jake: Hey, by the way I'm going to L.A. in a few weeks. 

Amir: Got it.

(Cut)

Jake: Hey, just remember I'm going to L.A. in a few weeks.

Amir: Right, yeah, I know.

(Cut)

Jake: Hey, where am I going in a few weeks?

Amir: L.A.!

Jake: There you go.

(Cut)

Jake: I'm going to L.A.

Amir: I know, you're going to L.A.

(Cut)

Amir: You're still going to Los Angeles soon, right?

Jake: Yeah.

Amir: Have fun. 

(Flashback sequence ends)

Amir: Um, how about no?

Jake: Yes.

Amir: No.

Jake: Yes.

Amir: No.

Jake: Yes.

Amir: No.

Jake: Yes. 

Amir: Yes. 

Jake: Yes. 

Amir: Gotcha!

Jake: No, you didn't. 

Amir: Okay, that's it, I'm giving you a dose of the silent treatment. That is, until we're flying over El Grand Canyon together.

Jake: You think you're coming with me?

Amir: Correction. I think I'm coming with ya.

Jake: Then you didn't just correct me. 

Amir: If you didn't want me to come, then you shouldn't have told me about the trip. 

Jake: How is, how is, no! No. That doesn't make any sense. 

Amir: Yeah, neither does this! Ten little guys with styes for eyes kicked me my ties ties (trails off, incomprehensible. Jake looks in bewilderment)

Amir: I'm coming on the trip!

Jake: You're not invited. 

Amir: Whoa, since when?

Jake: You have to know you're not invited, you're currently begging to come!

Amir: Okay, we're going to laugh about this. We're going to look back and laugh when we're cruising down Hollweird Bouletard.

Jake: Wow, I'm not taking you.

Amir: I'm going to have one for every street, okay? Relax. Ventura Bouletard, Sunset Bouletard, Sepulveda Bouletard.

Jake: Yeah.

(All at the same time)

Amir: Wilshire Bouletard, Avenue of the Tards 

Jake: Right, sounds like the same joke!

Amir: No, its going to be funny when we're out there! It's going to be funny when we're out there together. 

Jake: You're not coming. Okay. You followed me to Florida, you crashed my Thanksgiving this year, you somehow managed to wind up on every single family vacation I've ever been on. You know what? You've followed me to L.A. before. Do you remember that?

Amir: (With sun glasses on again) Winning!

Jake: How do you do that so fast? (Amir's sunglasses are off again) You are not coming with me.

Amir: (In airplane next to Jake) Deal! Haha!

Jake: (Both look at each other) Why did you just say deal?