(Intro)
Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir
Jake: That was perfect, do them all like that.
Amir: Nay
(Amir watching a loud movie with gun shots and screaming. Amir is eating a sandwich.)
Jake: Hey, are you done working for the day?
Amir: I'm working, for the day.
Jake: Your headphones aren't plugged in and your computers being very loud.
Amir: Yeah jokes on you coz these aren't headphones alright, there earmuffs, the sound is turned all the way up. 
Jake: Yeah
Amir: Yeah and these protect me from that, so.
Jake: Why not just turn the sound down?
Amir: Because my fingers are covered with fricking cheese ya idiot. What am i gonna get cheese all up in my.
Jake: I was just gonna say if you're done with work you can just..
Amir: Be more quiet, I know
Jake: Go home. Okay there's no use in being here if your just gonna..
Amir: Act a fool. Right. 
Jake: Be loud, please don't try to finish my sentences.
(Short pause, Amir staring at computer screen)
Amir: Sentences
Jake: You were really late on that one okay.
Amir: Can I have the rest of your sandwich?
Jake: I don't have a sandwich, you have a sandwich. You have an entire sandwich still.
(The movie begins to talk in Amir's voice)
Movie: Get down here Jake, freeze fool. 
Jake: Is that your voice?
Movie: No its me, professor blumenfeld and class.. is overruled (makes gun sound affects)
Jake: That doesn't make any sense. Are you watching a movie you made?
Amir: No I'm watching a documentary on food and ink it's called food inc, did you know that a lot of today's..
Movie: Suck my dick-tionary, Webster. Here's a word you've never heard before (multiple bleeps and parts of curse words)
Jake: Okay wow, this is really starting to..
Movie: Freak me out.
Jake: Wow he's better at it than you are, look if you're going to listen to a movie at work you should at least make it so it's not so..
Amir: Loud
Jake: Racist I was gonna say, would you at least..
Movie: Plug your head phones in.
Jake: This sounds like it's a really bad movie
Amir: Yeah it is, okay. But this is just a rough cut alright, leeron sent it to me for some notes, although it's pretty close to final. Do you have any notes?
Jake: You just said it was good.
Amir: Yeah it was but I was expecting it to be good. But now it looks, its turning into like one of those, it's like an et, you edit it over and over again, then by the end you don't even know what you're watching anymore. It's true to the script.