INTRO
Jake: Hey! You're watching Jake and Amir!

Amir: Hey! You're watching Jake and Amir!

Jake: Good, great job!

Amir: Likewise!



Amir frantically tries to open the door and start banging on it.

Amir: Help!

Jake: Push it! Ju--Push it!

Amir opens door

Amir: Sorry, almost lost my cool there for a second.

Jake: You did lose your cool there for a second

Amir: Filling out your March Madness Bracket?

Jake: Yeah!

Amir: I don't know why, it's just a Hallmark holiday right? Perpetrated by the grating card business to sell 
chocolate!

Jake: Perpetuated and greeting were the words you were looking for there, okay? And you're thinking of 
Valentine's day.

Amir: Do you want this chocolate bunny or not?



Amir: A long shot to win the whole thing, hmm. Don't mind if I per-due!

Jake: I'd prefer if you per-didn't.

Amir: Wow.. that was awful. 



Amir: Hey, how do you spell 'hoops'?

Jake: So you're definitely filling out your bracket wrong.

Amir: Hmm.. True that.



Amir: I-- I'm sorry, you.. you're not funny. There are good jokes and there are bad jokes but that was so... 
you're not funny.



Amir: Aw gorsh damn-nit I spelled 'North Carolina' wrong.

Jake: You spelled a lot of things wrong. You know North Carolina's not even in this tournament.

Amir: Not this tournament

Jake: Exactly.

Amir: Yeah.



Amir: I'm sorry, if it bends its funny, if it breaks its not funny and you broke it. It's shattered, it's gone, it's... 
you're not funny.



Amir: A sixteen has never beaten a one, yet when i was sixteen... I beat plenty of ones.

Jake: Wow.

Amir: One-year olds, that is.

Jake: No I got it, that's why I said 'wow'.



Amir: It's just that comedy is tragedy plus time and your comedy is just tragedy, it stinks, it's bad, it's awful 
man. Don't premine.. er premine if effor... perfer... Per-forget it, man! I did. It's-- you're done. 

Amir: Well, you're not rootin' for Kansas anymore, Toto.

Jake: laughs

Amir: What was that? imitates laughing

Jake: I laughed

Amir pulls out his phone

Jake: What are you doing?

Amir: Taking a picture. Do it one more time imitates Jake's laugh again

Jake: No.



Amir: Alright. Check out this final score tiebreaker: one ninety-nine to six. So.. not likely but if it hits, I'm a 
genius.

Jake: Yeah and you have all fifteen seeds in your final four.

Amir: Yeah, it's not likely, but if it hits I'll be--

Jake: You're never gonna be a genius.

Amir: Unless it hits...



Amir: sings Duke you have the time, to listen to me, Duke? No, I don't to the Duke, no Duke about it!

Jake: Please, please don't.



Amir: I mean you're trying to come up with jokes, and that in itself is funny like hahahaha but no, man. Don't.



Amir: You think its called 'Zero-cuse' University? Because they have zero cuses.

Jake: It's called 'Syracuse' not 'Zero-cuse.'

Amir: Yeah, my answer stands.

Jake: You didn't answer, you asked.

Amir: You're obsessed.



Amir: sings Sometime I give myself the..

Jake and Amir: Dukes.



Amir: Isn't it weird that we do this every year but we never play basketball together?

Jake: No.

Amir: That's why I propose that we--

Jake: I said it wasn't weird.

Amir: Let me finish. That we play basketball together. Oh wait that's not weird anymore

Jake: Is that a swastika?!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1B8nGUPwxyE