[INTRO]

Jake: You're

Amir: watching

Jake: Jake

[PAUSE]

Jake: That was your cue!

Amir: I know!



Karen: So, Community Service Day is just two months away--

Amir: [interrupting] Great! So, we'll see you in a month, like... what?

Karen: Well... uh, we still haven't firmed up any locations.

Amir: I told you three months ago I was on it.

Karen: I know, but the last time I emailed you for a status update, you sent me a video of a monkey who smells his hand and faints.

Amir: Yeah. That's because he farted in it.

Mark: [laughing]

Amir: That's funny to you?!

Mark: Isn't it supposed to be?

Amir: Am I excused, like...?

Jake: We haven't gotten anywhere yet.

Karen: Last time we spoke, you said an elephant ride was doable, as a carnival for young kids.

Amir: Right. And I stand by that.

Mark: My brother-in-law and I have devised a way to steal large animals from circuses and zoos. If you're really certain about this, I can get you an elephant.

Amir: Dead or alive?

Jake: Alive! Alive, right? Don't do it. But if you do: Alive.

Mark: I-I-I-I have to make a call. I'm not sure if I can make this alive thing happen.

Karen: What about the mural?

Amir: What ABOUT the mural, Kare?

Jake: Will you please not snap at Karen?

Karen: You said you had been able to procure--

Amir: [interrupting] Yeah, a 200 foot by 10 foot concrete wall -- blank as the night -- ready to be painted by the imaginative fingers of today's youth.

Karen: And?

Amir: And... I was able to... get one twice as big.

Karen: [gasping in surprise]

Amir: So... double the kids... on that... Karen.

Karen: They are going to be so happy!

Jake: He just winked at me, but even if he didn't, I doubt he could have gotten a wall like that.

Amir: NARC!

Karen: Well, uh... what about snacks? People are going to be hungry.

Mark: How does two tons of wet elephant meat sound?

Jake: It doesn't sound good, Mark.

Mark: I don't want to say how or why, but I have recently come into a surplus of elephant meat.

Jake: We know how.

Mark: I certainly can't eat all of it -- trust me on that!

Amir: What about music, okay? Some phat beats, dope rhymes, things like--

Jake: [interrupting] I'll take care of the music.

Amir: I can freestyle for about two and half hours straight. Make your face leak underneath... all that stuff--

Jake: [interrupting] You couldn't freestyle for like ten seconds just now--

Amir: [interrupting] I'm going to get a CD! A frickin' mix cassette tape -- how does that sound for a freestyle?

Jake: Those sound like two different things! I'll get a DJ, okay?

Mark: Alright. Can we go?

Amir: You can go... to jail! For killing and de-tusking an elephant. I mean, how long are we going to stand idly by--

Mark: [interrupting and getting out of his chair to approach Amir] I didn't touch a single tusk! [strangling Amir] Not one tusk!

Jake: Hey!

Amir: Okay, Karen...?

Jake: Come on, Mark!

Amir: Karen! I have your wall! I have your wall, Karen!

Jake: Karen! Karen! Karen!

Karen: No! No!

[END]