Intro:

Amir: Hi, you're watching Jake and Quincy.

Jake: That's half right.

Amir: I'm Jake.

Jake: So totally wrong.



Office:

Amir: Hey Pat you're a dummy ass, so. Did you hear that?

Jake: You were just mean to Pat.

Amir: Mean to him? I was insulting him.

Jake:  So yes.

Amir: Yeah, definitely, yes, of course!

Jake: I guess why?

Amir: We're all basically on a level playing field, right? So I make people feel worse about themselves, suddenly 'hey, this is pretty neat, I'm like a good guy all of a sudden' I feel better about myself when I put other people down. It like masks my insecurities.

Jake:  I'm depressed that you get it, yet you still wanna do it.

Amir:  Dinner tonight?

Jake:  No.

Amir: Can't, either, me neither., so...Jake and now you ask me why.

Jake:  I'm not curious.

Amir: Good question.

Jake: Didn't ask a question.

Amir: I'm doing the Master's Cleanse.

Jake: That's like, where you only drink water for a week?

Amir:  No no, that's the Master's Cleanse.

Jake: That's what you said.

Amir: Yeah. I'm doing the Master's Master Cleanse. Which is nothing. No food, no water, for masters, by masters, four masters.

Jake: So you're not gonna drink anything or eat anything for a week?

Amir:  No, no, no, no, no. Sorry. Two weeks.

Jake:  But I was right about not eating or drinking anything?

Amir: Yes, correct.

Jake: Yes.

Amir: Yes.

Jake: Yes.

Amir: Yes.

Jake: Why?

Amir: I've been eating unhealthy, right, for like ever, always. Yeah forever. Yeah yeah.  So like, now I don't eat anything for 21 days.

Jake: Sounds like three weeks.

Amir:  Right. And all of a sudden, hey! I'm in ship shape now, I'm completely healthy,  I'm cleansed. And I can re-introduce all the bad stuff that I've been eating, only make it worse. Suddenly my options are more limitless, like I can have bacon fat, or butter fat, or carrot sticks DIPPED in milk,  DIPPED-

Jake: Shut up! 

Amir: Ok.

Jake: I mean you're not gonna be able to keep that up. 

Amir: Keep on hating, J. Witz, because what you say strengthens my resolve. Thanks for making me a fighter.

Jake: That's Christina Aguilera lyrics

Amir: Nah.

Jake: Yeah. I mean you're eating a bag of chips right now.

Amir: I was starving!