Previously on Jake and Amir:

Jake:It's beyond my control there's been an accident. 

Jamie: There's always something.  I'm done waiting.

Porn director: You're going to have to talk to my boss. 

Jake: Jamie?

Jamie: Jake?

Jake: What are you doing here, I though you had an audition? 

Jamie: I got the part.

Amir: Welcome to episode six of seventy three of the Jake and Amir Miami series.

Jake: This is the last one.

Amir: gorsh damn a nit.

Jake: Gosh this is so F**ked 

Amir: I know, we always get into zany situations like this.  It's crazy!  Hug it out?

Jake: Nothing to hug out.

Amir: Hug it out bitch

Jake: No I'm not hugging you. 

Sam: I'v done some community theater, and some background work on law and order. 

Jamie: Uh, I didn't ask anything.

Sam: It was implied.  Ice Tea was a total sweat heard, we used to call him sweat tea haha.   Can I unhook your bra?

Jamie: Uh no.

Sam: no.

Jake: Sam here's the plan.  Do you remember the time you got out of that community service day by faking the seizure? 

Sam: (shakes head in a seizure like manor) 

Jake: exactly, do that.  Me and Amir will sneak out the back and met you in the hospital and we'll bust you out from there.

Sam: awesome (claps) lets do this porno and get the f**k out of here.

Jake: Ok no we're doing this to avoid doing the porno.

Sam: Yes (walks of screen).

Jake: (turns to Jamie) Jamie you don't have to be doing this. 

Jamie: Look who's talking.

Jake: I'm only doing this because we have no money, because we crashed a van.  Which I know sounds worse but... But you can have a better life than this.

Jamie: I make four hundred thousand dollars a year.

Jake: yeah, forty thousand dollars a year is like in the grand scheme of this...

Jamie: (over Jake talking) Four hundred..

Jake: What?  Four hundred thousand?  Ok, yeah.  Jamie I love you, I've always loved you.  I couldn't stop thinking about you in high school.  I can't stop thinking about you now.  All I want to do is be with you and if you maybe feel the same way my naked friend over there (points at Sam) is going to fake a seizure and we're going to bust him out of a hospital.  Now I know that sounds cliche but you have two options.  You can come with me to New York and live happy ever after, or you can stay down here in Miami making porn.  Either way just know I've always, always loved you.  

ONE WEEK LATER

(moaning from a porno is heard)

Jake: I can't believe you stayed in Miami and had sex with Jamie (to Sam).

Sam: Wait, wait, wait!

Amir: This is the best part!

Jamie (heard in the video) Now when you're done with that cake come over here and do me.

Sam and Amir both laugh while Jake Utters his non verbal disgust.

Amir: That's chocolate.