Opening Sequence

Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.

Amir: Aloha!

Jake: That's Hawaii.

Amir: No. Is it?



Episode

(Sam and Amir are trying to hitchhike, Sam sticking his middle finger at passing cars)

Sam: I don't get why nobody's pulling over, I've been doing this for an hour.

Amir: Use a different finger.

(Sam puts up his other middle finger)

Amir: That'll do it.

Sam: Hey! Hey!

Amir: Okay.

Sam: It's working!

Amir: Okay. Higher!

Sam: It's working!

Amir: Higher! Higher!

Sam: Hey!

(A van pulls over; the man in the passenger seat has a camera)

Cameraman: Hey what's up guys?

Sam: Hey man.

Cameraman: You guys need a ride?

Sam: Yeah, we're going to see Jake Hurwitz.

Cameraman: Oh that's perfect, we're actually heading in that direction.

Sam: Awesome.

Amir: That's great.

Sam: That's great.

Cameraman: Let's roll, come on!

(Sam and Amir get in the van)

Cameraman: Come on in, fellas.

Amir: Sup!

Sam: You guys got wall-to-wall carpet in your van!

Cameraman: Oh, isn't it great?

Sophia: Hi, guys!

Amir: Crazay. (The van starts to move and Amir almost loses his balance) Oh, hey, he's moving...

(Sam and Amir sit in the back, next to Sophia)

Sophia: Hi, I'm Sophia!

Sam: Hey Sophia, how's it going?

Sophia: Good!

Amir: Oh, this is like a...

Sophia: (Climbing on top of Sam and kissing him) Oo, I like you.

Amir: This is, like, other people are going to see Jake? Er...

Sam: Oh my god. I like you too.

Camerman: Be a little careful, she's a bit crazy.

Amir: Sam, stay in the game.

(Sophia climbs on Amir next)

Amir: Oh! Hi. I don't care.

Sophia: Hi!

Sam: I don't care.

Cameraman: But she's nice! You don't have to be shy.

Amir: No, no! I'm a—okay... Sam, what's still—

Sam: Hey Amir, can I talk to you on the other side of the van for a second?

Amir: Uh, sure. (To Sophia) We'll be back, I think.

(Sam and Amir go towards the front of the van)

Sam: Hey man, I think I really have a chance with this girl, and I'd appreciate it if you'd back the fuck off.

Amir: What are you talking—you just can't stand that for once in your life some girl loves me more than she loves you!

Sam: It's just so rare that I have so much in common with somebody right away.

Amir: So much in—what do you have in common with her?

Sam: We both think I'm cute!

(Sophia is about to have sex with another man in the back)

Amir: First of all, I'm sorry comprende but, you are not her type.

Sam: What do you mean I'm not her type?!

Amir: Okay, first of all, look at the guy she's with right now, right?

Sam: Yeah.

Amir: He looks like moi.

Sam: Okay he does not. He looks much more like moi than yoi.

Amir: No, look at his dick!

Sam: I am looking at his dick!

(Jake is still walking and on the phone)

Jake: Hey, Jamie! What's up? Yeah, um, I'm in Miami for work. So I have, like, meetings now, but maybe we could, uh, hang out after. 
Okay, um—no, now is fine! Now is good. Those meetings just aren't happening anymore.

(Back to Sam and Amir)

Amir: (Looking out the window) That looks like Jake!

Sam: That looks nothing like Jake's dick, Jake's dick doesn't have nearly that—

Amir: No, that looks like Jake!

(Sam looks out the window)

Sam: Oh my god that's Jake!

Amir: That is Jake!

Sam: Jake! Pull over!

Amir: Jake! Pull over!

Jake: I'm on 17th and Collins.

(The van pulls up to Jake)

Amir: Jake.

Jake: Oh my god. Hey psychos. What are you doing here?

Amir: Oh nothing much, psycho, just coming to rescue you.

Sam: Yeah psycho.

Jake: That's not a pet name.

Amir: Yeah Sam, butt out.

Sam: I wanna be a psycho.

Jake: How the hell did you guys get here, and what is this—you guys are in the Bang Bus.

Amir: What's a bang bus?

Jake: It's a porn site. They get strangers to fuck in a van.

Sam: No, there are no pornstars here. Just an awesome girl competing over mine and Amir's affection.

Jake: Is she fucking somebody?

Amir: Is she preparing for us? Yes.

Sam: (To Sophia) You know there's such a thing as overpreparing!

Jake: (To Jamie) Hey, I'm sorry. Um, what was that address again? I think I just found a ride.