INTRO: 
Amir: This episode of Jake and Amir is brought to you...  

Jake: By what?

Amir: I don't know.



Jake: Hey, I'm just on my little brother's Facebook...

Amir: Ah, me too me too

Jake: No, yeah I know. Can you delete some of the things you posted on his wall?

Amir: What's- what things-what's some things?

Jake: Sorry, that wasn't a question. Delete everything you've ever posted on his wall before.

Amir: Uh, he's nineteen years old dude. Cut the cord. 

Jake: He's seventeen.

Amir: Dude lied to me then. 

Jake: Did he lie to you or did you maybe just read his birthday wrong on his page?

Amir: Yeah maybe that's it. 

Jake: That's it. Some of these things are like offensive and others are just annoying.

Amir: Give me one example of each.

Jake: Here's an example of both. 'Hey did you get my poke? Poke me back if you got it, playa. Hey, my last poke said poke me back if you got it, playa. But, everybody has poke so I'm expecting one unless you're a faggot.'

Amir shrugs. 

Jake: What is that?

Amir: A poke, it's like 'Hey, I got your attention but I don't have to write on your wall about it, just a way of saying...'

Jake: Delete your Facebook.

Amir: (clicks) Done.

Jake: You didn't do anything. You just signed his wall again 'Hey, your big bro is acting like a toolbox extraordinary. Don't get mad if I piss on his jeans tonight.'

Amir: A lot of these are just inside jokes between us so, butt it out. 

Jake: Well I just clicked on your wall to wall and he hasn't signed yours once and you leave him like videos like this. (Jake plays video) "Micah, it's Amir. It's two am on a Wednesday. Poke that bitch or we're done! (laughs) Nah, no that was a joke but this is very serious. Call me right now. Your brother's hurt."

Amir: Are you still pissed about the last time he visited?

Jake: You mean when he went to get a drink from the water fountain and you shoved his face into it? Yeah, he lost two of his front teeth. 

Amir: Okay, I apologized for that.

Jake: You said: 'Sorry you don't have a sense of humor, bitch.' 

Amir: And I genuinely meant that. Okay, I am sorry. I feel really badly that he doesn't have a sense of humor. Wh- What can I do? I can't go back and give him a sense of humor. It is what it is. I apologized.

Jake: Just leave him alone, okay?

Amir: Fine. (leaning into computer) Hey Micah, it's me...

Jake: Are you leaving him a video message right now?

Amir: Your brother's being a real toolbox extraordinary but poke me or I'll fucking kill you. 

EPISODE LINK