INTRO Amir - Jake and Amir’s Get Together Project

JAKE: Hey I’m Jake and this is Amir.

AMIR: And I’m Amir and…

JAKE: I already introduced you.

AMIR: Why?

JAKE: We have some bad news.

AMIR: No!

JAKE: I haven’t even said what it is yet.

AMIR: No, I just realised that I left my microwave running. Aw, I set it for four hours and I just peaced out…

JAKE: Anyway, in general people are getting together less. 

Amir is texting. 

JAKE: They have less time for each other, they talk less, they get easily distracted by – see, this is what I’m talking about.

AMIR: I’m sorry, I have to text my neighbour now to have her turn off my microwave and she lives eight hours away so it’s not that simple.

JAKE: If she lives eight hours away then she’s not your neighbour.

AMIR: My neighbour from when I was growing up. She lives two states over, ok? Why do you have to call me out on everything?

JAKE: Anyway, we’ve been sent on a mission by these guys to help bring people together

AMIR: Yeah, to create awesome get-togethers all across the nation, right everybody?

The office cheers half-heartedly.

JAKE: What did you expect people to do?

AMIR: Clap… whoop… cheer…

JAKE: Well, it is exciting. All across the country we’re going to be helping you, all of you, get together. Parks, bars, in the streets…

AMIR: Hot tubs.

JAKE: Not hot tubs, ok. Stop suggesting hot tubs. So that is our mission from Bacardi to help America get together which is why we bring you Jake and Amir’s get together project.

AMIR: Drink up.

JAKE: What is in this?

AMIR: Pennies, so it’s got the same noise and consistency as ice without any of that coldness stuff that you hate, so enjoy. Why aren’t you drinking it? Is it because of the pennies?

JAKE: Yes it’s specifically because of the pennies.

AMIR: Because I can assure you, you won’t even taste it.

OUTRO Amir - People: lets get closer. Join our get together project at facebook.com/Bacardi

Jake - Like us on facebook

Amir - Or not, you know. Whatever. Its up to you. 

Jake - Don’t be so blasé about it

Amir – It’s not, it’s called reverse psychology man, ok? We act like we 
don’t want it and then they do it.

Episode Link