[Introduction] 

Amir: Hey, you're watching Jake's phone number. 

Jake: What are you talking about? 

Amir: I'm talking about 2031-

Jake (interrupting Amir): Okay! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! 

[Jake is sitting at a table in front of a rolling video camera]

Jake: Hi Mom, happy mother's day. I'm sorry I couldn't come home. But- But I'm gonna make you this video card, and I wrote and acrostic poem for you. Here it is: Laura. L is for your long hair- 

(Amir interrupts by sitting next to Jake and singing) 

Amir: L is for the way you look- 

Jake: What are you doing? 

Amir: at me! 

Jake: What are you doing?! 

Amir: O- What do you mean what am I doing, isn't it obvious? I'm showing you up. 

Jake: How? 

Amir: It's- It's a song. Which is like poetry, except it's not gay, 'cause you sing it. 

Jake: Poetry's not gay. 

Amir (singing): Isn't it ga-

Jake (interrupting): It's not. 

Amir: Kay, so... 

Jake: A is for your arms, young and strong. 

(Amir laughs) 

Jake: What?

Amir: That was bad. (laughs)

Jake: What would you have said? 

Amir: Aura. 

[Jump cut] 

Jake: A is for aura. Young and strong. U is for umbrella- 

Amir (interrupts, laughing): Wow, umbrella? 

Jake: Come on. 

Amir: U should be for uninspired, or unapologetically underwhelming. YOU should go back to poetry school. 

Jake: Don't just insult me, alright? God! It's easy to say un-this or un-that, but theres no un that's a positive that I could use in the video. 

Amir: What about... 

[Jump cut] 

Jake: U is for unyielding, in your unrelating love. 

Amir: unrelenting. 

Jake: What? 

Amir: Unrelenting. 

Jake: Unre- I said that, you f***! 

[Jump cut] 

Jake: U is for unyielding, in your unrelenting love. And R is for... Just tell me what you have here, I hate mine. 

(Amir looks at the page, laughs and spits all over Jake) 

Jake: Oh! You spit all over me! Shu- Shut up. This is a rough draft. 

Amir (still laughing): Still. Rigatoni? 

Jake: It's a pasta she used to make. 

Amir: Really? 

Jake: Spaghetti, but that doesn't start with an R, alright? 

Amir: Yeah, that's close enough. I'm sure she'd appreciate that. 

[Jump cut] 

Jake: R is for raising me. A gift that you continued to give me throughout my childhood. A is for arms- 

Amir: Again. 

Jake: Yup. 

Amir: Arms again... 

Jake: She has two, right? Does she have two arms? How many arms does she have? 

Amir: I think she has two, but- 

Jake: Okay. 

(Jake and Amir banter and mumble to each other) 

Amir: Go for it then. 

Jake: I am gonna go for it. 

Amir: Because it's gonna be good when you say it twice. 

Jake: I will. 

(more banter) 

Amir: Yeah, I'm sure she loves you whether you say arms twice. 

[Jump cut] 

Jake: A is for appreciation, which I owe you eternally. Happy mother's day. 

Amir: Jake also got you a gift card for $100 to a spa. 

Jake: I didn't do that, so don't- 

Amir (Shows Jake a gift certificate): Yes, you did. 

Jake (grabbing the card from Amir): I did! Yes I did. Alright, love you mom. 

(Jake turns off the recording) 

Amir: So... 

Jake: This is great. Thanks, man. 

Amir: No probs. 

Jake: What did you get your mom? 

Amir: I didn't get her anything, because mother's day is a Hallmark holiday. So... 

Jake: Wow... Didn't you say it's also her birthday? 

Amir: It is also her birthday, yes. 

Jake: Okay... 

Amir: Two Hallmark holidays for the price of one. Free! (laughs) 

Jake: 'Cause why expend shit?

Amir: 'Cause I ain't spendin' anythin'! (tries to take the card away from Jake) Can I get that card back, actually, because it's also her anniversary- 

Jake: Okay, no. Because you already gave it to me. 

Amir: Well it already expired!