(Amir) Hi. I'm Amir, and this episode of Jake and Amir kinda revolves around-

(Jake) Do you think we're doing commentary?

(Amir) I did, yes



(Amir) Question!

(Jake) Yeah. And I have one for you after

(Amir) Okay, you go first. Mine's a little bit.. involved

(Jake) Why is your hand in a mouse trap?

(Amir) Human cheese trap, okay, and, can you go to jail for-

(Jake) There's no such thing as a human cheese trap, but go on. Can you go to jail for what?

(Amir) It is a human cheese trap, okay, and you know you're not supposed to go into apartments that technically aren't yours?

(Jake) Yes, it's called breaking and entering. Also, just because you got caught in the mouse trap doesn't make it a human trap

(Amir) I'm a human, got caught in it, hence: human trap. Okay? And I wasn't breaking anything, alright? Their window was open-ish

(Jake) What do you mean by open-ish? Also, it wasn't made to catch humans

(Amir) Well, I'm not a mouse and I got caught in it quite easily. So riddle me that, Bat Mat! And it was kind of locked, but I cracked it sort of open

(Jake) Okay so it sounds like you broke the window. And I know you're not a mouse, you just got caught in one of their traps

(Amir) You think a mouse laid this out to catch me? Okay, it wasn't even in my apartment. Which brings me to my question

(Jake) Fine, I give up

(Amir) I give up too

(Jake) Oh boy, that's a glue trap

(Amir) Not a glue trap, okay, a glue pad. There's a difference

(Jake) Yes, the difference being that glue traps are real, glue pads are not. Was there even cheese on that?

(Amir) No, not cheese, there were these small little peculiar brown pellets which I'm sure they used to lure me in. They were kind of small like Rye seeds, it smelled like mouse shit

(Jake) It was mouse shit

(Amir) Well good thing I didn't eat most of them, Sherlock

(Jake) But you ate some of them

(Amir) Alright, let me ask you this: if somebody offers you chocolate, do you take it?

(Jake) I don't think anyone was offering you chocolate

(Amir) Okay, so you don't think I have a case against these A-holes who lured me into their house and hurt me?

(Jake) It sounds like you just broke into an apartment and ate mouse shit off a glue trap

(Amir) Huh, and you sound like their lawyer. Good day sir!

(Jake) Ugh! It's on your D-