Amir: Hey, thank you so much for watching Jake and Amir.

Jake: That wasn't supposed to be sarcastic.

Amir: Okay.



[Amir makes squeaky noises with his mouth as Jake enters, seemingly shaken.]

Amir: Whoa. What's wrong?

Jake: I was just mugged.

Amir: (getting up to approach Jake) Oh my god, are you okay?

Jake: No. No, I'm not; I'm just so freaked out. I feel vulnerable as hell right now—

Amir: (raises hand in gun gesture) FREEZE MOTHERFUCKER!

Jake: What is wrong with you?!

Amir: What? I was just kidding! It's not a real gun.

Jake: Oh my god...

Amir: Or did he do it BY KNIFEPOINT? (pretend stabs Jake)

Jake: (pushing Amir away) Get off of me!

Amir: Relax, man. All right, I'm not actually trying to (puts Jake in headlock) PUT YOU IN A HEADLOCK and say, GIMME YOUR MONEY! Gimme your money!

Jake: (crying) Ah! I don't wanna die! I don't wanna die!

Amir: (Jake still crying) What is wrong with you, man? I'm not actually trying to (Amir reaches for Jake's pocket) TAKE—TAKE YOUR WALLET! GIMME YOUR WALLET, man! GIMME YOUR WALLET!

Jake: (crying, trying to hold back Amir) Stop it! Stop!

Amir: (holding wallet) This is your wallet?

Jake: (taking back wallet) He didn't even get my wallet...

Amir: What did he steal—he stole your phone or something?

Jake: No, he took my gym bag, but I had stuff in there. I had mesh shorts, I had a juice in there—my house keys! He took— (looks at pocket)

Amir: (pointing) I can see them...

Jake: (holding keys) They're here. They're fine, but everything else...

Amir: Oh, so he took your juice...

[Jake checks pocket again.]

Amir: Oh.

Jake: (holding juice) It's here. I—I put it in my pocket; I forgot—but this is not as full as I remember it.

Amir: Oh, you think he took it out and then took a sip of it—

Jake: I don't know. I don't know, 'cause it happened so fast.

Amir: Yeah, which is probably more of a reason that he didn't stop to sip your cranberry juice, man...

Jake: (raises arms) Okay, well, I don't wanna talk about it anymore.

Amir: (raises Jake's shirt) Okay, I can see you're wearing mesh shorts!

Jake: All right, fine. Thank god I put them on, and he didn't get the mesh shorts; he took my gym bag.

Amir: You—Can't you just get a new gym bag? I don't understand...

Jake: Well, yeah, they give 'em away for free at the gym, but he'll probably just steal it again.

Amir: Who would steal a gym bag?

Jake: I don't know, man; he's, like, eleven. They don't care about anything.

Amir: (pause) You got mugged by an eleven-year-old.

Jake: (sighs) She rode her bike by and just swiped—

Amir: She—she rode—so it was an eleven-year-old girl that—

Jake: You're being an asshole. You're being incredibly insensitive, and I can't talk to you like this. (walks away)

Amir: (pointing) Okay, right there. That's your gym bag; it's attached to your belt.

Jake: (holding gym bag) I swear to god she made a legit swipe at this; that little bitch tried to jack me, all right? (grabs juice) And this juice: it was full; it was unopened!



Jake: (talking on phone) And the mugger tried and tried and said, Gimme all your money! And I said, NO! Not today, you motherfucker! And then  he said... Nope! Not gonna tell you! (laughs) Means you gotta call me back. All right. Love you, Dad. Bye.

THE END

EPISODE LINK