(Amir is typing on a laptop)?

AMIR: (sings) And time, can do so much--

JAKE: (walks in) What are you doing??

AMIR: Ah-ow...One second, your computer is messed up, I'm just trying to fix it.

?JAKE: OK, get up.  ?

AMIR: OK, one second, I think I legit fucked something here--

JAKE: OK, so get up!

?AMIR: FINE! Jeez louises, enjoy! All right? Have fun. 

JAKE: What is this?!

AMIR: Sometimes when I get nervous I start sweating this goo thing, I gue- I dunno, I think you're making it worse though. 

JAKE: Disgusting! Why are you on my computer in the first place? 

AMIR: I already told you, I have a gay-ass Dell desktop computer and my dad won't buy me a new one because I DIED! Argh! Is that a MacBook or a MacBook Pro? 

JAKE: How about you just leave? 

AMIR: Something tells me you won't be very pissed when you check your Facebook status update. I changed it.

JAKE: Really? Why don't you just get me a towel?! Right now!

?AMIR: Did you check yet? It's fly as shit.

?JAKE: No, I haven't and I don't want you going on my Facebook any--?

AMIR: It says, "I'm at the gym, hooking up with a hottie. Hit up the cell."

JAKE: Awesome.

?AMIR: So...(laughs) ?

JAKE: (takes towel) Thank you. 

AMIR: Oh, but I said it 'cellie',  which is like a new, cool way of saying it. Remember I told you to say it like that last week.?

JAKE: Why are you still here?! ?

AMIR: I told you, I choked on a golfball 12 years ago, and I can't leave!?

JAKE: No, I mean, why are you still in my room?

?AMIR: OK, I guess I think I know when I'm not wanted. 

JAKE: Don't just turn invisible, I know you're still here. 

AMIR: Oh! Let me make you one of my patented smoothies! They are re-donkey-lips. (goes to kitchen) 

JAKE: Did you download Kazaa? ...I thought this was dead, like you. 

AMIR: (making the smoothie) Is this too loud?

JAKE: Yes. 

AMIR: Oh my ghost! (sniffs) Ah, this is insane. Come here and smell it, unless you can smell it from over there. Can you smell it from there, is that why you're not coming here?  OK, give me a dollar to drink this? I'm just going to do it and you're going to owe me a buck. You're fine with straight owing me cash? ...OK, I did it. (pours it on floor) OK, so dollar right there and uh, I'll just take it from the twenty that I borrowed from you earlier. Remember? Jake, are you-are you pissed at me? 

THE END.

http://www.collegehumor.com/video/3722765/my-super-not-chill-ghost-roommate-ep-2