[Jake is driving a van, with Amir in the passenger seat, and Jake's friends from work that came with him (Pat, Rosie, Amir Cohen, and Kunal Shah) in the middle and back rows.]

AMIR: (high-pitched voice) Thisweekendwascraazeeyy!

JAKE: Yeah, you were crazy. You ruined it.

AMIR: How did I ruin it?

JAKE: Where do I even start?

(The audio of the next scene fades in.)



[Micah and Jake's friend are playing guitar (How You Remind Me by Nickelback), and Jake and Amir are sitting and listening.]

AMIR: (singing loudly, with the wrong lyrics) Coulda goneit as a wise man dreaming, and this is how you remind me (he grabs the neck of both guitars to stop them playing) Stop!

JAKE: What are you doing?



[Jake, Pat, and Rosie are playing croquet.]

PAT: Alright, Jake, this is for the win.

JAKE: Alright, watch and learn, boys.

(Jake hits a ball through the last two wickets, but before it hits the post, Amir runs by and grabs it.)

AMIR: Interception! (He throws the ball, and a crashing sound is heard.)



[Jake's father (Samuel Hurwitz) is grilling in the back yard, and Amir is watching.]

AMIR: Uh, so what are you grilling?

SAMUEL: Uh, chicken, hot dogs, hamburgers.

AMIR: Chicken nuggets?

SAMUEL: Uh, no.

AMIR: Ok. Ahh. I don't wanna seem ungrateful, but.. this is a fucking joke.



[Jake and Micah are playing guitar, and Amir is sitting and listening.]

(Amir twists one of Micah's guitar's tuning keys.)

JAKE: How- how long-

(They stop playing.)

MICAH: (to Jake) Ah, you're off.

AMIR: (to Jake) Oh, what's it like to be worse at guitar than a fifteen-year-old?

JAKE: You can answer that.

AMIR: Ok, yeah, it sucks.



[Jake's mom (Laura Hurwitz) is sitting in the dining room. Kunal Shah and Amir walk in.]

KUNAL: Mrs. Hurwitz, thanks for having all of us.

LAURA: Oh, no problem!--

AMIR: (laughs) (to Kunal) Call her Laura. (to Laura) Right babe?

(Kunal walks off.)

LAURA: Um, Mrs. Hurwitz is fine.

AMIR: (laughs) You're funny, babe. (Walks off.)



[Jake and his sister are in the kitchen.]

JAKE: Hey, are their any taco shells left?

JAKE'S SISTER: Yeah, there should have been enough for everyone to have two.

JAKE: I haven't had any.

(Amir walks on, holding a plate and eating a taco.)

AMIR: (to Jake's sister) Yeah, and I've had four, so somebody sucks at math. (to Jake) Also, Jake, we should go to Blockbuster later and rent a game, I'm thinking SSX Tricky. (Takes two large bites from his taco.)



[Jake's mom is in the dining room reading a book.]

AMIR: (poking his head out of the bathroom) Hey babe? QQ. Uh, we're out of toilet paper, and I really need to wipe. So.



[Jake is at the beach, reading a book.]

(Amir jumps over to him and lies down next to him.)

AMIR: Whoa! Nerd alert. (laughs) Don't worry, I'm not going to tell anyone at the office you were reading.

JAKE: Okay, good. Not cuz I'm ashamed of reading, though; I don't want anyone to know you were here.

AMIR: Hah! Well I already Tumbled it. (high-pitched voice) It's got about forty reblogs! It's got about forty reblogs! (taking Jake's book and throwing it away.) Aight, bury me, RIGHT now. I'll start. (Lies down on his back and dribbles a handful of sand on his chest.) Jake!



[Amir, Jake, and Rosie are in a huddle, playing beach football.]

AMIR: Alright, here's the plan. Rosie, you go long, like get the fuck all the way to New York or something; me and Jake will chill out here and then we'll just--

JAKE: We're-- We'll both go long. Ok? Relax?

AMIR: Ok. Ready? Set? Jake!

(Amir hikes the ball, and Jake and Rosie go long. Amir throws the ball at Jake, hitting him square in the back, knocking him down.)

AMIR: (running over to Jake, who is holding his neck in pain) Whoa whoa whoa! (kneeling next to him) Oh god, can we try my plan now? I'm begging you.



[Back to the scene in the van.]

AMIR: Well if you didn't want me to come, why'd you email everyone an invitation?

JAKE: I didn't email you!

AMIR: Yeah, but I check your outbox, so it's like the same thing. ...Also your poetry sucks.

END.