(Jake moves his hand away from the camera, revealing him and Amir, who is smiling largely.)

JAKE: (waving to the camera) Hey!--

AMIR: (waving to the camera (and interrupting Jake)) Hi!-- Sorry. Ugh, you hate that.

JAKE: (to Amir) I hate you. (to the camera) Look, we wanted to make a new video to announce our brand new website--

AMIR: --Glasses. Basically they're round, so they accentuate my f--

JAKE: --Our brand new website design. (The text All New JakeAndAmir.com! flashes on the screen.) And you should check it out if you're in your RSS reader or your tumblr dashboard. Just go to jakeandamir.com--

AMIR: --Oh my God, and the entire thing's a Magic Eye, well I'll be damned, they used my idea (JAKE: It's--), look to the left, and if you can't see it, relax your eyes and I see--

JAKE: (to Amir) --It's not.. a Ma- it's not a Magic Eye, actually.

AMIR: (to Jake) The two dragons 69ing each other.

JAKE: Right. It's not, because that was a bad idea, and it's disgusting. (to the camera) But, Amir's brother Ben, and our friend Amir Cohen, uh, coded and designed the whole thing for us.

AMIR: (sarcastically, to Jake) Wow! They made a website for us, that's rea- no that's great, that must take a long time, right?

JAKE: (to Amir) Yeah, cuz they have full-time jobs, it was really tough.

AMIR: So I have a full-time job, too.

JAKE: What did you do today at work?

AMIR: ...I drank.. a glass filled with ketchup.

JAKE: And you threw up.

AMIR: Okay! (to the camera) Anyway, listen, if you like the design, let us know, and if not, maybe don't say anything because it'll hurt Jake's feelings.

JAKE: (to the camera) It wouldn't hurt my- (to Amir) I mean why wouldn't they like the design?

AMIR: (waving at camera) To be continued!

(The screen blacks out, and text in the middle says to be continued!. Then the video comes back in.)

JAKE: No. This is the end of the video.

AMIR: Ok. We hope you like it. (He reaches to turn off the camera.)

(The screen goes black, with All 
Star by Smash Mouth playing. White text in the middle says Jake. Then the music stops, and the text changes to Stop.)

END.