(Jake is sitting at his desk when Amir rushes in)

Amir: Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry! Did anybody notice that I was late?

Jake: Nope, nobody noticed because nobody's here.

Amir: Okay, so no. Perfecto.

Jake: Everybody noticed that you weren't at work today, though.

Amir: But nobody noticed that I was nay late?

Jake: Nope, I guess not, just me, who's here at 11 doing your work for you.

Amir: Okay, please don't turn this into a thing.

Jake: I mean... how do you even be 13 hours late to work?

Amir: Um... I guess I set my alarm for 8 and I snoozed. I snoozed it until seven chirty [sic], and then I raced here as fast as I 
could.

Jake: Okay, well given the fact that that's sad on its own... why did it take you three and a half hours to get to work?

Amir: (Pulls out a McDonald's bag) Pit stop!

Jake: Nice! Is your computer in that bag?

Amir: Ah, sheesh, no. But, there is a third-pounder here with your name on it, brotha.

Jake: That's disgusting, please put it away.

Amir: Okay.

Jake: I mean, why are you even here? What are you doing here?

Amir: Um... I was gonna save that for your 18th birthday, b—

Jake: Okay, I'm 22.

Amir: But! Let me finish! (Rushes over to Jake's computer and types on his keyboard for some time) Made us a website.

Jake: Yeah, yeah you did. Jake and Amir did this work how do I hit send is this an email Jake—

Amir: (Talking along with Jake) email Jake dot—yeah. Okay.

Jake: —dot org.

Amir: Ya brotha. And it's blue, which is pretty much the chillest color for a website.

Jake: You pretty much spelled my name with two 'k's, why?

Amir: Y2K?

Jake: Seriously though.

Amir: 'j' 'a' 'k' 'k' 'e'. Okay yeah. Must have been a fingor [sic] slip. When I—

Jake: Twice.

Amir: Uh, yeah. I—okay. Jake with one 'k'. Now I know that. Going forward.

Jake: Okay, how 'bout the dot org. Why is that?

Amir: Um... I think dot com was taken.

Jake: Probably not.

Amir: Yeah. I don't know. Well, I mean, why are you critiquing it? Look, it's pretty much the chillest site devoted to us.

Jake: I guess I just don't understand why anybody in their right mind would go to a website about us. Just seems really boring.