Jake and Amir (Bacardi Project): Obstacle Course

via Youtube (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-kGCuFm8ko)

Uploaded: January 23, 2013 

Note from video description: Originally uploaded somewhere around 2011.

Title Card: Jake and Amir's Get Together Project

Amir (voice over): Jake and Amir's Get Together Project.

[Amir is seated at his desk wearing workout clothes. Jake approaches with heavy winter clothing.]

Amir: I know what you're wondering. Why am I dressed like a champion?

Jake: Did you walk to work today?

Amir: Ooh... impressed?

Jake: It's 28 degrees outside.

Amir: Yeah, it was a little cold, but -uh- it's worth it.

Jake: Your legs turned purple.

Amir (hitting his legs): It doesn't matter. 'Cause I can't feel them. Are you ready?

Jake: To take you to a hospital?-

Amir: -To participate in my office obstacle course?

Jake: Yeah, I don't want to do that man.

Amir: Why, you're afraid you can't beat my time?

Jake: No, I'm afraid I'm not gonna get any work done to-
 What time? Time for what?

Amir: My lap time. One lap around the office hurtling over chairs to the
bathroom and back.

Jake: Yeah, I'm not worried about that. What was the time, by the way?

Amir: One minute and eight seconds

[Jake is exasperated by Amir's antics.]

Jake: That's a pretty bad idea and it's a bad time.

Amir: Yeah, well forget it.

Jake: I could beat that time.

Amir: I mean if you want I could set it up

[Jake bolts and runs]

Amir: -up and start... Okay 

[Jake runs into something offscreen.]

Jake: Oww. Time out.

[Amir runs over to Jake. Jake is on the floor after tripping on a chair. ]

Amir: You didn't let me start my watch.

Jake (defensively): Yeah it's called getting a head start.

Amir: That's against the rules.

Jake: It's against the rules to not tell me the rules before I start running. That's probably why I busted my shin dude.

Amir: How does that have anything to do with your shin?

Jake: I'm taking a minute off the final time I'm sorry. Alright you ready?

Amir: No. You can't dock-

Jake: Go!

[Jake heads off running as Amir shakes his head. Jake runs a few feet and then turns around.]

Jake: Whew. Time?

Amir: That was - you didn't do any of it. You didn't hurdle over the chairs.

You didn't run to the bathroom and back.

Jake: Yeah, that would've taken forever. What was my time?

Amir: I guess like three seconds- four seconds 

Jake (calculating in his head): Alright, three seconds minus the minute that I'm docking...that's like negative fifty-two seconds... a new record.

Amir (shaking his head): What a weird math.. No that's not right.

Jake: I don't need math, dude. Not when I'm this athletic. Give me some ice though, my shin is starting to swell right the heck up.

Amir (to camera): See the workplace doesn't have to be boring. Get together, make the day fun. What are some ways you spice up the work environment? Let us know by-

Jake: Look man, give me the ice. My shin is starting to turn not-a-good color. 

Amir: Red?

Jake: Worse, green.

Cut to title card

Amir (voice over): People let's get closer.

Jake (voice over): Join our get together project at facebook.com/bacardi