Amir: Hey it's Amir, and your watching Jake and Amir, and...

Jake: Why are you crying?

Amir: I don't know.



Painter: (singing) Hey my name is Drake. Do you know my buddy, Samuel? He has a razor scooter. Go Samuel!

Jake: Oh, wow.

Amir: Ahh, Jake get out.

Jake: What do you mean get out? This is an office.

Painter: Wait, no no no. When I have a paint brush in my hand this becomes a studio.

Jake: No, it's an office.

Amir: Jake, you can't see me like this.

Jake: You can't be here like this.

Painter: (With a cigarette in his mouth) Is there some law that says you cannot hang out in an office without your...

Jake: What?

Ben: (Spits out cigarette) Is there some law that says you can't hang out in an office with no clothes on?

Jake: There probably is.

Painter: I didn't hear you say the word 'yes,' so imma keep goin.

Amir: Jake, I am naked!

Jake: I know you're naked, we're on the same page about that. Why are you embarrased about me seeing you naked when there are all these other people around?

Amir: I'm not embarrassed, ok? It's just supposed to be a surprise.

Jake: You wanted to surprise me with this?

Painter: I can't believe you just touched my painting.

Amir: What the heck is that?!

Painter: It's your masterpiece, man.

Amir: No, no. You said I could pose like that for inspiration, but the actual masterpiece would be of me and Jake on a tandem bike or a skateboard.

Painter: You're gonna be on a tandem bicycle, but I'm gonna warn you, it's gonna be hard drawin him on a bicycle, what with all that **** in the gears.

Amir: Have mercy.

Jake: Stop. Look, your plan was to give me this painting?

Amir: No, my plan was to auction off the painting and split the money with you, 80-20 huh. Now I'm starting to have serious doubts. Well, not serious doubts but im starting to...

Jake: You should have serious doubts about it, ok? That's a horrendous plan.

Painter: You think it's a horrendous plan?

Jake: Yes.

Painter: You don't think he can auction off this painting?

Jake: No.

Painter: Well, then listen to this. (Begins to quickly speak non-sense, in an auctioneer style.)

Amir: I got ten dollars.

Painter: I got ten dollars from Amir. (Continues with the 'auction')

Jake: You're doing it wrong.

Amir: A hundred dollars.

Painter: Hundred dollars from Amir. (Continues) 

Amir: Hundred fifty

Painter: Hundred fifty sold.

Amir: Two hundred

Painter: We're on two dundred dollars

Amir: Two fifty.

Painter: To two hundred fifty. Congratulations, sir.

Amir: This is insane!

Jake: It is, yeah.

Amir: I'm rich!

Jake: No, you're not. You don't understand how auctions work.

Painter: And you have some art.

Jake: Neither do you.

Painter: Well...

Amir: I don't know what you're complaining about, ok? I'm gonna take us to dinner with the money that we made.

Jake: What money? You just spent two hundred and fifty dollars.

Amir: Correction.

Jake: What?

Amir: You just corrected me.

Jake: Gotcha.

Painter: Guys, there still is the matter of my payment.

Amir: (gasp)

Episode Link!