Jake and Amir (Bacardi Project): Office Bowl 

via Youtube (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-4jC_P25ac)

Uploaded: January 23, 2013 

Note from video description: Originally uploaded somewhere around 2011.

Title Card: Jake and Amir's Get Together Project

Amir (voice over): Jake and Amir's Get Together Project.

[Jake and Amir are seated at their desks. Amir has a baking pan with batter in it. ]

Amir (lifting the batter): A brownie good sir?

Jake: That's not brownies. 

Amir: It's batter.

Jake: Exactly.

Amir: Here'a hint, bake something and leave it on your desk. It's a great way to meet coworkers, okay, people will be dying to taste your tasty treats.

Jake: Number one, you didn't bake anything, you made batter. And you didn't  do that good of a job.

Amir (spoons an egsshell out of the batter): Yeah, there are egshells in this for sure.

Jake: Number two, it's not a good way to meet co-workers. Alright, you look  desperate. You look needy.

Amir: How's this for desperate and needy? I'm lonely and I wanna make friends.

Jake: For desperate that's pretty good.

Amir: Okay. So what do you suggest?

Jake: I don't know. Why don't you just try talking to people? 

Amir: Uhh- no thank you.

Jake: If you don't want to talk to people, then why make the treats to begin with?

Amir: It's called eating healthy.

Jake: I's not. Look if wanna make friends at work don't just sit at your desk trying to buy their affection. Get up, have conversations, and be friendly.

Amir: Done.

[Amir begins typing furiously.]

Jake: So you're not gonna do it?

Amir: Well, I wanna see how this brownie thing plays out first.

Pat: Hi Amir-

Amir (looking at Jake): What's up Pat, old friend?

Pat: Can you throw out this batter? It's- it's really starting to smell.

Amir (to camera): Okay, how do you make friends with your coworkers. I need to know, so  leave a comment below.

Pat: I- I don't know who you're talking to, but seriously I feel very ill.

Amir: Yeah.


Cut to title card - 


Amir: People let's get closer.

Jake: Join our get together project at facebook.com/bacardi