Amir: Jake and Amir long story short--

Jake: Late.

Amir: Okay

(Amir walks in, wearing a USA outfit and holding a vuvuzela)

Jake: Six hours late--

Amir: Guess where I'm going today

Jake: I know where you think you're going, the Olympics, but you're not.

Amir: Correctanundo! The Olintics!

Jake: Why don't you say the reasons you think you're going to the Olympics, and I'll say the reasons you're not.

Amir: Speed.

Jake: No plane ticket.

Amir: Honor.

Jake: No event tickets.

Amir(pointing at USA emblem on jacket): U. SS. R.

Jake: You don't have a legal passport or birth certificate to travel anywhere.

Amir: You mean to tell me I have to buy shit.

Jake: Yeah, you do, and you're clearly not opposed to buying shit because I bet that costume wasn't cheap.

Amir: 330 euro, yeah, and that was without international shipping and processing!

Jake: Why would you ship that American costume internationally?

Amir: Because I was gonna pick it up in bloody old England, dumbass!

Jake: So what happened?!

Amir: Shit happened! Okay? Life got in the way!

Jake: Where do you get confidence from?

Amir: What?

Jake: Where do you get your confidence from?

Amir: Huh?

Jake: Can you not hear me?

Amir: No!

Jake: You're always wrong--

Amir: Yeah.

Jake: You're always wrong--

Amir: Okay.

Jake: Yet you're overflowing with confidence!

Amir: That's a humble brag.

(Several seconds of silence)

Jake: Go home.

Amir: I started a Twitter account! 

Jake: Fine.

Amir: Oooh! I was gonna save it for you birthday!

Jake: It would've been a bad gift.

Amir: Yeah well wait 'til you hear what the username is!

Jake: What.

Amir: USA Rice!

Jake: How was that gonna be my birthday gift?

Amir: USARice is fun. He's fun and happy and he's positive and he's everything that I'm not and if you're just gonna shit on him then you're a grinch now.

Jake: Yup, here we go, first tweet: The sun is shining, the grass is green, and guess what's for breakfast? Anything is possible.

Amir(cutting him off): Anything is possible, yeah! 

Jake: How is this a gift?!

Amir: Don't even make me feel a little bit bad about any of these tweets, okay! Otherwise I'll delete my entire freaking account.

Jake: Feel stupid about all of these tweets! Especially this one that says I'm from the USA but I'm voting for Rice. That's not fun or positive. That's just a bad tweet that you made.

Amir: Negative! Poison!

Jake: Go to the Olympics!

Amir: I wish I could, honestly, but you've been waterboarding me with so much haterade that I don't know if I can get my mojo going enough to bring me or the youth group to merry old Scotland!

Jake: England.

Amir: Close enough.

Jake: I guess, what youth group?

Amir: I sponsored a teen tour!

Jake: Stop yelling weird shit at me.

Amir: I'm supposed to chaperone 20 youngsters from all over the states and bring them to the Olympics.

Jake: You know what, I'm gonna call bullshit on that one too.

(Pan up to a group of children)

Kid: I can't wait to kiss Michael Phelps. As promised! (winks)

Jake: Wow, how many of you guys did he promise a kiss from Michael Phelps?

(All of them raise hands)

Amir: Liars!

Jake: Awful.

Kids(chanting): USA! USA! USA!

Amir: USSR! USSR!