[Jake and Amir are at their desks. Amir is in a tuxedo and lights up a cigar with a burning one hundred dollar billl.]

AMIR: It's good to be the king.

JAKE: You shouldn't be doing that.

AMIR: Huh?

JAKE: You should not be doing that.

AMIR: Relax dude, it's not a joint. Besides, I can afford it.

JAKE: No, I mean, like, it's illegal to smoke in buildings in New York City.

AMIR: Shit, really? [Amir takes out a folding fan and starts waving it at himself.] God damn it, fuck! Can not afford that, not today. I don't wanna get in trouble.

JAKE: Why do you have one of those?

AMIR: Huh?

JAKE: Why do you have that?

AMIR: Now that I'm a rich bitch, I can pretty much buy whatever I want.

JAKE: And one of the things you wanted was a tiny little folding fan?

AMIR: Yeah!

JAKE: How are you rich?

AMIR: Great question!

JAKE: Never mind.

AMIR: How many almonds would you say is the perfect amount?

JAKE: I said never mind!

AMIR: I wanna know.

JAKE: I don't know, two dozen.

AMIR: Well, I am now the proud owner... of one almond.com.

JAKE: What do you think I said?

AMIR: What?

JAKE: When you said "What's the perfect amount of almonds?", what do you think I said?

AMIR: Sorry, let me rephrase that. How much would you say google.com is worth?

JAKE: Billions, tens of billions of dollars.

AMIR: Okay, right. And onealmond.com?

JAKE: Zero.

AMIR: Zero billion? Or zero dollars?

JAKE: It wouldn't matter, it's all zero.

AMIR: Okay you know what? How much would you pay for courtside seats to the Yankees? Huh? Gun to your head, how much would pay for courtside seats to the Yankees?

JAKE: Tell you what buddy, put your hand down.

AMIR: What, why?

JAKE: 'Cause it's irritating me, okay? It's...

AMIR: I'm invading your space.

JAKE: Yeah, yeah, you can't ask me a question and then use your hand and immediately interrupt me, okay? You have long arms! Stop it!

AMIR: What is it about one almond that's just, [Laughs.] perfect?

JAKE: Nothing. It's bad.

AMIR: Don't just say "it's bad". Okay? Because it's more than just a domain name. I'm building an empire!

JAKE: Well, right now the website's just a photo of you holding a single walnut.

AMIR: Almond.

JAKE: No, it's not.

AMIR: Okay you know what? No! Just shut up, just shut the fuck up! For once you're gonna tell me what you really feel! Okay yeah because I feel like a god damn genius, but to you I'm just like... I'm tired of being a chump in your eyes!

JAKE: I'm jealous! That's what it is, I'm jealous. I think it's a brilliant idea, I think it's worth billions of dollars and I'm just jealous that I didn't think of it first. Are you happy? Can we drop it?

AMIR: Hey Danny! Talked to a colleague with a more level head as you suggested and guess what? He agreed with me bitch! Haha yeah, so you can take your offer and go fuck yourself with it. Yeah, I don't care that my current attitude is closing the door for future negotiations, you know why? 'Cause you're a rat weasel. Oh! Double your offer? Double your bye bye. Double your... bye bye! Hehe, double your bye bye.

JAKE: Stop it, what the hell is going on?

AMIR: Some freaking real estate mogul called me this morning. I guess he's building a luxury high rise on One Almond street and offered me a million and a half dollars for the domain name, let alone for that picture of me with that freaking cashew or whatever the fuck.