Amir: Sorry I'm late

Jake: Sorry you came

Amir: Ok we're both sorry so... lets cancel each other out. relax i just had to ask you a question and it couldn't wait until i came over later to surprise you

Jake: dont do that anym-

Amir: alright btw its a mental test and my cousin leron gave it to me and i failed and i told him that you'd pass because you're the smartest person I know

Jake: Just get to the question

Amir: alright. there are ten apples in a bucket and you reach in and take one out. How many apples are left in the bucket?

Jake: Nine

Amir: see I said eight. It's actually seven because the apples are so tight that when you (Jake: That's so-) grab one out two fall out

Jake: Alright That's so dumb

Amir:I know how could I not think of that. Alright

Jake: No

Amir:Follow up question

Jake: No I don't wanna hea--

Amir: you have (Jake: no-) you have ten cookies in a jar or a bucket (Jake: Fine...) and you take one 
and you grab and you take it out. How many cookies do you have left?

Jake:Did any of them fall out as a result of how tightly they were packed?

Amir: Yea exactly two

Jake: Two. okay so it sounds like the same answer. Seven

Amir: Wrong I said six. It's actually two because they're the type of cookies that look like two cookies but they're actually conjoined at the waist like the chocolate chips... I mean this is so hard how are we supposed to figure this stuff out

Jake: Do you realize how stupid you sound. It's like me saying hey would you rather have a billion dollars or the nicest apartment in New York City.

Amir: pauses and thinks A billion dollars

Jake: Okay you know what all that money was fake now you're broke and you're homeless and you 
have to live under a bridge

Amir: (stunned) ..No... (chokes up)

Jake: you see it's stupid (Amir:No) you can't change--

Amir: God

Jake: It's not a real- It didn't really happen it's a riddle and-

Amir: Why am I even homeless can't I just live in the apartment I already have?

Jake: No you got- You sold it. sold it for the answer to the riddle

Amir: Oh it wasn't even mine to sell

Jake: (laughs) It's not a real thing

Amir: (under breath: shit)

Jake: It didn't happen

Amir: I'm calling my mom, telling her her son's a fucking retard

Jake: You're not a fucking retard

Amir: Not me you idiot my brother he was supposed to teach me this stuff

Jake: Alright I'm gonna go (gets up)

Amir: Wait! Stop! (screen goes black) I have no place to live!
loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...loading...