[Jake is on the phone in a table in the office.]

JAKE: No, I mean, I think that's all doable, and I actually don't even see the need to bring--

AMIR: (coming into view, taking the phone from Jake and talking into it, plugging his nose to make his voice nasal-sounding) Yeah, I don't see the need to--I'm sorry, Jake is at work right now, so he'll have to call you later.

JAKE: (to the phone as Amir hangs it up) Sorry... God...

AMIR: First of all, don't get on the phone at work, I've already told you that before, I don't want to see you get in trouble, (sarcastically) I'm sorry. Second of all, (begins rapping) winter break is the bomb, all day long, sittin' under the palm.

JAKE: (putting his hands to his face in frustration) I was on the phone about work, oh my god!

AMIR: ...FUCK a cheerleader twice, eat her pom-poms!

JAKE: [You're] kidding me.

AMIR: Oh! Oh I'm sorry, so this is about work then. Yeah these are your notes about work. So refine editorial calendar is about work, talk to Amir about demotion or, oh Valentine's Day pics! I guess that's about work too?

JAKE: Yeah.

AMIR: Yeah. *phww* (He makes a swish noise, pretends to throw notepad over his head, then tosses it up and catches it.)

JAKE: What're you-- what exactly are you trying to do?

AMIR: I'm trying to throw it in the air like it doesn't mean shit to me.

JAKE: Just straight up over your head I guess, then.

AMIR: I don't wanna bend it, these are still your notes.

JAKE: It's fine.

AMIR: (Drops the notepad on the floor behind him.) Bowm!

JAKE: [You] barely did that right.

AMIR: (Listing off on his finger to himself) eatin pom-poms.. (starts rapping again, still listing) Sittin' in jacuzzis, peanut butter smoothies... uuhmm... Eatin' lotsa movies, checkin' out the movies...

JAKE: So movies twice, then?

AMIR: Second time was spelled differently.

JAKE: Then you spelled it wrong.

AMIR: Okay.. aah.. I write a freestyle, and it doesn't mean anything--

JAKE: Freestyle means it's off the top of your head.

AMIR: Okay. (starts singing in the tune to Stronger by Kanye West) Every time I make it better, harder stronger faster better--

JAKE: That's Kanye West.

AMIR: It's called sampling.

JAKE: It's not. And you said it wrong.

AMIR: Ok. I can't say it right, cuz then it's illegal.

JAKE: (Picks up phone) Can you just go back to work? I need to be on the--

AMIR: Yeup! (knocks phone off table and pushes Jake's head backwards as he gets up)

END.