INTRO
JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir!
AMIR: Unless...
JAKE: They are.
AMIR: Okay.
[Jake and Amir are at their desks. Amir is holding a paper plate in front of his face. It has a smiling face drawn on it. Jake doesn't say anything. Cut back to Amir, whose plate-face is now angry. Jake still doesn't say anything. Amir's plate no longer has a face, instead reading "ASS". He throws the plate down, clearly frustrated.]
AMIR: [mouthing] Ass.
[Jake gestures in acknowledgement.]
AMIR: Question: do you think Peyton Manning gets paid to do these Papa John's commercials, or does he just, like, love pizza and shit?
[Jake doesn't respond.]
AMIR: And no answer from the peanut gallery! [saluting] Salut! So I will just assume--
JAKE: He gets paid.
AMIR: I know. Never mind.
JAKE: Okay. For the record, I did answer the question, unequivocally.
AMIR: I know he gets paid, ass. It just seems real or some shit, like he frickin' loves the pizza.
JAKE: So you think he did the ad... just because he loves pizza? Not because Papa John's paid him money?
AMIR: Forget it.
JAKE: Forget it 'cause you're dumb?
AMIR: [yelling] Forget it because you don't know what the fuck you're talking about... ass!
JAKE: Stop saying "ass" so much. Okay? You're using it as a crutch, and it's not as funny as you think it is. Just... go back to being the needy weirdo that you used to be. Alright?
AMIR: In the ads, ass, Peyton Manning is borderline obsessed with these-- these-- these pizza pies! I mean, it-- it's insane, it's sick! He's, like, chowing down on them!
JAKE: Are you concerned?
AMIR: He's gonna, like, choke, he's eating them so fast! I swear to God!
JAKE: Alright, so Derek Jeter rides around in a Ford Escape. Do you think Derek Jeter loves Ford?
AMIR: [yelling] That's what I'm asking you!
JAKE: Focus on something different, for the day.
AMIR: Fine. [pause] Eli Manning for sure loves Dunkin' Donuts, okay?
JAKE: Stop it--
AMIR: That much at least is true!
JAKE: --just-- stop! What did I just tell you--
AMIR: Yes yes yes! For sure, for sure, for sure! Whether he got paid for that ad in-- in donuts or money--
JAKE: Money! Absolutely, he got cash for that!
AMIR: [pointing at Jake] Want to know how I know he loves donuts? Do you want to know how I know he loves donuts?
JAKE: I resent you pointing at me.
AMIR: Do you want to know how I know he loves donuts?
JAKE: You couldn't possibly know.
AMIR: [smiling, pointing at his face, talking in a singsong tone] The proof is in the smile! ...Dipshit!
JAKE: ...What?
AMIR: [in falsetto] Because he's smiling in the ad! Yeah! And people only smile when they're happy. Unless... did I miss a memo? That-- [stammering] that-- that frowns means happy?
JAKE: Peyton's smiling in his ad too!
AMIR: Which means he loves pizza from Papa John's! Mystery solved! That wasn't too hard...
JAKE: Don't say it.
AMIR: [drawn out] ...ass!
JAKE: The mystery is not solved. Alright? You think Peyton Manning's maybe smiling 'cause he got paid, like, a billion dollars for that ad?
AMIR: Whoa, a billion!
JAKE: --million--
AMIR: Can I quote you on that? No no no, I should email Business Insider, because hey-- that's breaking news! That's, like, the biggest athlete endorsement ever!
JAKE: Just shut up.
AMIR: Hey everyone, gather 'round! Big news! Jake thinks that Peyton Manning got paid a billion dollars to be in an advertisement for Papa John! [Amir spits the word "Papa" violently.]
JAKE: ...Who?
AMIR: [pantomiming holding a gun, imitating gunfire] Pa-pa-pa-John!
JAKE: ...What?
AMIR: Pa-pa-John!
JAKE: What is this?
AMIR: Pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa John.
[Will chimes in.]
WILL: Idiot.
JAKE: Excuse me?
WILL: Idiot!
JAKE: Will, you eat your own shit. Yeah. [Will shakes his head.] D-- what? What? What is that face? You eat your own shit. I think that's the idiot move. Also, he thought Peyton did the commercials for free.
WILL: Peyton Manning owns twenty-one Papa John's restaurants, so he probably did do the commercials for free!
JAKE: ...Forget it.
AMIR: Forget it because you're dumb?
JAKE: Forget it 'cause you don't know what the fuck you're talking about... ass!
AMIR: You're the ass, ass!
JAKE: You're the ass, ass!
AMIR: Ass!
JAKE: Ass!
AMIR: Ass!
JAKE: Ass!
[They pause.]
JAKE/AMIR: [simultaneously] Ass!
END