Prologue
Voiceover: Previously, on Jake and Amir

Amir: Who are you?

Ben: I'm the private eye you hired.

Cuts to Ben pinning Amir down on the table

Ben: Listen, I've printed out all of Drake's likes. You study those, he's going to be best friends with you.

Cuts to Ben using chloroform rag to knock out Amir

Amir:(grunts)

Ben: Sleeeep. Sleep like a baaaaby.



intro
Amir: Congrats! You're our 1 millionth viewer!

Jake: We've had more than a million viewers.

Amir: Woah, really?



Scene
Ben: I'm going to need a lot more chloroform, like 40 bottles. You know what Howard? I think I've had enough of your bullshit.

Ben places chloroform rag on phone

Ben: Did that work? No, okay then just like a bunch more bottles-

Amir: SHHHHHH

Ben: (quietly) Okay, couple more bottles.

Amir: SHHERRH... Jake, Umm, what are you thinking about later I'm thinking of having a Sprite. Do you think, do you think that?

Jake: I think you should keep that to yourself.

Amir: Me too, that's why I'm going to. 

Jake: Okay.

Amir: Umm I don't know, I just felt like we can chill... in... Toronto, Ontario, Canada your home town...

Small pause, Jake is about to talk

Amir: AND WE CAN HAVE SPRITE.

Jake: You think I'm from Toronto? And you think I want to go there, right now... to have sprite?

Amir looks at Ben, hiding under the desk

Amir: Alright you're really fucking me on this man.

Ben: Hmm? What are you talking about?

Amir: What am I talking about? None of this information is right! That's what I'm talking about.

Ben: (very quickly, mumbling) what you talking about?

Amir: Okay?

Ben: That's everything you need to know about Drake.

Amir: Who's Drake?

Ben: You know Drake! He sings that song tut ... (singing) hey yo my name is Draaaake... do you know my buddyyy Samuelllll. He's got a Razor scooterrr... (shouting) GO SAMUEL, YOU'RE DOING-

Amir kicks Ben

Amir: SHHH-

Ben: OWWWW... maaaan-

Ben+Amir: (in unison, Amir trying to talk over Ben) I... HAVE A... SMALLL... PENISSSS

Ben smirks

Amir: So... do you like hanging out with hip-hop moguls?

Jake pauses, looking confused 

Jake: Why'd you just say you had a small penis?

Amir: I didn't! You..lik.. I was talking about.. err.. bird man.

Jake: (takes headphones off, angrily) Bird man?!

Amir: Bird ma... no, what? Coz you're coz (mumbles) coz your hip-hip-hop career.

Meanwhile, Ben stands up behind Jake

Jake: My hip-ho- I don't have a hip-hop career.

Ben points at Jake, insinuating he will use the chloroform rag on him to Amir

Jake: Alright?

Amir: No-

Jake: No?

Amir: No

Jake: Yeah, no you're right, I'm going back to work then.

Ben, meanwhile, still behind Jake and planning to chloroform him

Amir: NOO!

Jake: No, I can't go back to work?

Amir: Yeahhh (frustrated breath noise)... NOO... No...

Ben realises Amir means no to him, looks dismayed

Amir: NO.

Jake: ...I'm not talking.

Ben drops rag and joins conversation

Ben: Hey, what do you guys think about Drake?

Amir laughs

Jake: (confused) Who the hell are you?

Ben: Me? ...look at me right now, maybe you'll remember

Ben undoes one button of his shirt

Amir: (with smile on his face) Oh yeah.

Ben: My name isss... (struggling to think of a name) Joooooope.

Amir's mouth open listening intently to Ben think of a name

Jake: (disbelieving tone) JOPE? 

Ben: Yep. Err.. I don't know why the hell I'm here, but I'll tell you one thing... I caaan't (whispers in Jake's ear) get enough of that guy Drake!

Jake: Don't-

Amir: (quietly, in agreement) yeah-

Jake: speak so close to me! Who's Drake?

Amir: (singing) You seee nothing but Samuellll.

Jake: That's Drake?

Ben: Yeah.

Jake: Okay I'm g-

Ben: We should go to a Drake concert!

Amir: Alrigh-

Jake: Why would we go to a Drake concert? (Ben cuts in) We have work.

Ben: Because it'd be so much fun, for frie-

Jake: I don't want to go to a Drake concert-

Amir is smiling mouth-open with joy watching the playful confrontation

Ben: I... I (raising voice) THINK YOU DO WANT TO COME TO A DRAKE CONCERT.

Jake: (raises voice too) I ACTUALLY DO NOT WANT TO GO-

Ben: I'M ALMOST POSITIVE YOU WANNA... FUCKING DRAKE CONC-

Ben grabs Jake by the testicles and lifts him out of his seat angrily

Jake: (In pain) AHHH... OH MY GOD... 

Ben: HUH?

Amir gasps with surprise, holding his hand over his mouth

Ben suspends Jake in the air by the testicles

Jake: AHH... AHH

Ben: HUH?

Jake: (speaking quickly, due to the pain) OKAY! I'll go to the Drake concert-

Ben: YEAH

Jake: (speaking very quickly) I'll go to the Drake concert-

Ben: (loudly) YEAH, AND YOU'RE GONNA BE MY FRIEND ON LINKEDIN-

Jake: (mumbling) FINE I'LL BE YOUR FRIE-

Ben: (agressively, forcing Jake to agree) MY BEST FRIEND (Jake interrupts and repeats what Ben says) ON LINKEDIN.

Ben puts Jake back down

Amir: I thought I was gonna be your best fri-

Ben: You can have TWO best friends on LinkedIn...

Jake is breathing heavily, recovering from the pain

Ben: Come on 'mir 'mirsss.... we're gonna have so much fuuuuun.

Jake: (Looking out of breath and agreeing to avoid confrontation) Okay we'll have fun-

Ben: Before we go we should probably sleep.

Ben chloroforms Jake, causing him to collapse

Ben: Take a lil sleep

Ben collapses from the chloroform too

Banging noise as Jake and Ben hit their heads on the desk

Amir pulls out his own rag of chloroform and uses it on himself, tilting back in his chair and passing out

END