Amir: Aye! I'm Rick James! (laughs) No?

Jake: No.



Amir: Okay this (holding up picture of Jake) is a great Facebook profile pic man.  It's a great shot of you.  Right?

Jake: These are all fine.

Amir: Look at them at least, man.  Okay what about this one?

Jake: You just smell really really awful right now.

Amir: (Holding up new picture) This is an awesome shot dude, it says sunglasses, very cool California boy with a chill attitude and a red shirt.  Hey!

Jake: So this was a very very thoughtful thing for you to do, thank you.

Amir: Welp, thank me later, because this is the one I was e-mailing you about. (Holding up another new photo)

Jake: E-mailing me, calling me, texting me...

Amir: This is autumn Jake, left you a little bit of wiggle room on the left and right in case you wanted to Photoshop me in there.  The problem is, this is an autumn picture.  When December rolls around, you're gonna need a winter photo, okay?  Hey John, can we see that December photo?  Here we are... this is November! Heh, John, just the December photo please.  (Laughing) He's good he's just a little bit slow...JOHN! JOHN! JOHN! JOHN! (furious, but John hands him a photo)  Thank you.  Um... this is January! (laughing again) We'll power through, thank you.  Can we get two waters and (looking at Jake) do you want anything?

Jake: So both waters are for you?

Amir: Four waters please.  (Yet another new photo of Jake) This is winter.  Keep in mind this wasn't the one I was talking about.  But this gives you a great idea of what I was meaning.  Beanie, sweater, gui-tar!

Jake: Okay look!  I really appreciate your noble intentions here but you smell like shit and you're freaking me out with the excessive pictures of me.  So I'd like you to go away.

Amir: Absolutely. (In Jake's face) A good salesman knows when enough is enough.

Jake: It's coming from your mouth so don't talk at me like that.

Amir: Mhm.  I'm gonna leave these photos with you.

Jake: Take them with you.

Amir: Yes, of course.  Obviously you don't wanna carry around a whole portfolio filled with pictures.  Let me leave you the best one-

Jake: Take them all! Alright?  Take 'em all.

Amir: Mhm.  Customer is always right.  And in this case, (In Jake's face again) you're the customer!

Jake: You have to stop talking so close to my face alright?  You smell like absolute shit.

Amir: You're right.  You're absolutely right.  I smell like doo-doo.

Jake: What did you eat by the way?

Amir: I had a very very very old radish and a little dollop of mayo and I just let that sit in my mouth overnight, so...