Jake and Amir: Puppet

Jake: Hey, yo dis be Jake.

[Amir makes wretching noise.]

Jake: Wow, I did what you asked and you still messed it up right?

Amir: Whateva



Jake  Amir Title Card

[Everyone is laughing. Amir is sitting at his desk with a Jake puppet and surrounded by coworkers. He is attempting to perform ventriloquism.]

Amir: Hey Jake, dinner tonight?

Amir (as Jake puppet): Okay, but just as long as we don't invite that loser Patrick Cassels.

[Pat looks slightly offended.]

Amir: Why would we invite him? Hey, I like your jeans.

Amir (as Jake puppet): And I like you! I think it's normal that you made me into a puppet.

Amir: No duh it's normal. 

Amir (as Jake puppet): Also, furthermore, I think it's not weird that you don't use soap in the shower. In fact your regular aroma is really nice and sweet. It smells like roses anyway, so you don't even need to use soap. Also your hair-

[Jake walks up and puts his hands over the puppet's mouth.]

Amir: makes noise like mouth is covered Jake I'm serious he can't breathe!

Jake: Okay that's fine.

Amir: You're a monster! 

Jake: You're a weirdo. What are you doing?

Amir: What do you mean 'What am I doing?' I'm slowly becoming the coolest, most popular person in the office. Why, what are you doing today? 

Jake: I didn't ask what you're doing today.

Amir: Oh yeah, 'cause I was gonna say if you want to hang out, you want to chill or whatever, go to a bar, I'd be down to ditch this crowd you know.

Jake: You know what, everybody here is laughing at you, not with you.

Amir: Wow, you are so jealous.

Jake: I'm not jealous.

Amir (as Jake puppet): Hey guys quick q, are you guys laughing at me, or are you guys laughing with me? Amir shakes the Jake puppet violently

Coworker 1: Actually-

Coworker 2: Defenitely at you.

Amir (as Jake puppet/his voice): Oh, hehehe. Uh darn. Uh sheesh. I forgot I have- I have an appointment, so time to go. Hehehe...

[Amir gets up and leaves.]

Jake: Hey Amir, you're the biggest loser in the whole office.

Amir: I know.

Jake: Bitch.

[Amir continues walking off after pausing for a moment.]

Sarah: I was laughing with him, so-

Card: To Be Continued...