INTRO 

Amir - Please allow me to introduce myself, my name is Amir Valerie Blumenfeld...

Jake - No time for rapping.

Amir - Ok.

EPISODE

Hoodie - 2, 3, 4...

Jake - Nothin' makes me laugh more than the geico lizard, I like Gandalf cause he's a tilf...

Hoodie - Stop.

Jake - ...wizard. Dude, I was about to drop a fucking BOMB, you gotta let me finish!

Hoodie - I gave you 2 hours to write man, the best you have is nothing makes me laugh more than the geico lizard?

Jake - He's funny ok, he's british, he has this one spot where he's like...

Amir - Whoa whoa whoa, what's going on here? Why is Hoodie Allen, my rap teacher, talking to you?

Jake - He's preparing me for battle, bitch.

Amir - So you want to rap battle me?

Jake - I thought you'd never ask.

Hoodie - You said you guaranteed he would ask, at some point...

Jake - Shut up Hoodie, drop a beat.

Hoodie - No.

Jake - Fair enough. Anybody else, give me a beat.

Amir - (starts beatboxing)

Jake - Unh unh yoooo unh Here it is, one time, give it up collegehumor

Jake and Hoodie - 3, 2, 1, OHHHHH

Jake - shiiitt, naaahhh, here it is homie, unh unh

Hoodie - You gotta rap man. 

Jake - I'm hyping everybody up, oh my god. You were making me so nervous with the countdown, just give me a beat.

Amir - (Fine)

Jake - ...don't countdown... A beat, box, a beat beat box, look at your socks, 
what's up doc? it's a geico spot, it's the funniest one yet, he's wearing his sunglasses, he can't stop the laughin'...

Rosie - BOOOO. 

Jake - Shut up Rosie alright, you're next ok and I'm gonna be without ruth to you.

Murph - YOU SUCK.

Jake - Alright, that's it, I'm going after Murph. My name is Byron Murphy, I wear socks and shoes up on my feet, salad for lunch? I don't think so...

Amir - (Starts to walk away)

Jake - Alright, that's it, winner by forfeit. Look at me, here we go.

Amir - You know your raps sound like a thousand screams from dirty little noobs, and your face looks like a scraggly mess of dirty little pubs, and your face as dumb as aardvark cum, so come on down and GET YOU SOME. (Dumps white liquid onto Jake's face).

Everyone - OHHHHHHH.

Jake - OH MY GOD.

Hoodie - Are you a guy or a girl? I gotta stop guessin', man you don't even pay, for your rap lessons!

Murph - YO YOU'RE A PUSSY ASS BITCH WITH A PUSSY ASS DICK.

Jake - EH EH, Alright, epic fail, on all accounts, ok? (points at Murph) don't push me, (points at Amir) where did you get aarkvark cum? Fuck it, Hoodie, gimme a beat. I'm tearin' you all down.

Hoodie - No.

Jake - Fine, fuck it, I'll go acapella. Whooooaaaa for the longest SNATCH... Heh, i'll hold for the applause.

Murph - (pulls down Jake's pants)

Jake - AH hey hey!

Amir - Why are you not wearing underwear?

Jake - YOUR DICK IS SMALL.

Amir - I didn't say your dick was small.

Murph - (starts pushing Jake)

Jake - Hey, stop pushing me, dude, i'm not strong, allright? Ahh.

EPISODE LINK

Checklist for Episodes