INTRO Amir (in a silly voice) - Hey, I'm Jake Hurwitz and you're watching Jake and Amir, Amir is awesome. 

Amir - Oh, thanks, Jake. 



(muffled sounds of an automated voice)

JAKE: What is that noise?

AMIR: Oh, don't mind me, I'm just reading...a book. Ever heard of it? (chuckles) 

JAKE: Doesn't look like you're reading a book. 

AMIR: Exactly!

(pulls out Kindle from drawer, 'with my trusty vibrator' is heard clearly)

AMIR: I got a Kyndle.

JAKE: It's a Kindle.

AMIR: Whatevah. 

JAKE: I cannot imagine a product that would be of less use to you. 

AMIR: What are you talking about? This thing is great!

JAKE: Why do you think it's great?

AMIR: Let me ask you this. What's the worst part about reading?

JAKE: Nothing.

AMIR: Wrong. The reading part. And that's exactly what the Kyndle does--

JAKE. Kindle.

AMIR: --for me, so that I don't have to. 

JAKE: Are you even listening when it reads to you?

AMIR: No. That's the great part. I just put it on this talking text program, shut it in a drawer, I can barely hear it. Doesn't distract me at all, no fuss, no muss. 

JAKE: What's muss? 

AMIR: I don't know.

JAKE: What books have you read so far? 

AMIR: Oh, tons. I mean at least a baker's dozen, let's see. Just last night I read uh, Hercules, Catcher in the Rye, Lolita--

JAKE: What were they about? 

AMIR: Who gives a C? The important thing is I can tell people I read them. 

JAKE: Reading isn't about bragging rights. 

AMIR: (chuckles) You are so jealous you haven't stolen one of these from Pat yet.

JAKE: You stole it from Pat?

AMIR: Can't prove that. Good news is, now that I don't waste any time reading--

JAKE: You never spent any time reading.

AMIR:--Well, now that I don't spend any time reading, me and you can hang out more, maybe we can discuss some stuff.  Talk about, oh, I don't know, books. 

JAKE: Books. OK, yeah, let's talk about books. 

AMIR: You would love that, wouldn't you?

JAKE: I mean you're the one who--

AMIR: OK, you know what, if you need me I'm going to be reading in the conference room.  (throws the Kindle off to his right)

(off camera)

PAT: My Kyndle! 

THE END. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPe2pg0wdGg