Jake and Amir are sat at their desks, both typing, Amir is staring at Jake

Jake: Okay, dude, sorry but you have to stop posting on Reddit

Amir: Relax, I only post cool and interesting stories, at most, one a month

Jake: You've posted thirty nine hundred times today

Amir: I said at most

Jake: Then you're using that word wrong

Amir: You're a bigger circlejerking diva than the commenters, and that's saying a lot

Jake: Right, the last thing you uploaded thirty seconds ago was a picture of the guy from Futurama with, I think this is your dick-

Amir: interrupting -it's not

Jake: photoshopped onto his forehead-

Amir: interrupting again -oh yeah it is

Jake: The text not sure if y'all commenters are a bunch of circlejerking divas or if I'm universally hated by everybody, it's the second thing

Amir: It's called a me-me

Jake: No, it's called a meme, wow y'no you also tried to start a ton of AMAs. I am a coward and a fool who's dad moved out on him not once not twelve but a dozen times, Ask me anything 

Amir: Yeah

Jake: My dad is a diva, ask me anything

Amir: Yeah

Jake: I'll go dickless for Michael Chiklis, ask me almost anything

Amir: Yeah

Jake: What is that?

Amir: AMAs, okay? Its like an interview, it stands for ask me anywh-time

Jake: Wrong. What the fuck is going dickless for Michael Chiklis?

Amir: I needed the upvotes

Jake: You never get any upvotes, you have thousands of downvotes.

Amir: It's called 'karma' Jake, and correct me if I'm wrong (laugh) but I got a lot of it

Jake: you are wrong

Amir: then correct me

Jake: what are these hundreds and hundreds of posts on /r/trees just picture after picture of you trying to light a joint, your eyebrows on fire and you're crying and smiling. 

Amir: I'm an ent that needed the uptokes

Jake: okay right I see that I am high as a knife, ask me anything if this gets a thousand uptokes I won't kill myself? So sad. 

Amir: How's this for sad? I was at a three when I wrote that

Jake: That is sad because that's not very high and you went to a really dark place, threatened to kill yourself in an online community where everybody hates you

Amir: Will you just uptoke it okay? I'll go dickless for Chiklis literally this afternoon if you uptoke it

Jake: I won't, because you know what? your comments on all these other posts are actually really mean, like on this-

Amir: interrupting awh, one example? give me one example

Jake: at the same time - video of a dog, are you serious, I'll give you a ton of examples, okay? like on this video of a dog squealing with joy when his soldier owner comes home 

Amir: I already know what you're gonna say, okay? and just know that I did it for the lols

Jake: You did this for lols why the bitch is this on the front page? am I the only one who thinks dogs aren't cute or capable of having real emotions  

Amir: yeah

Jake:if this gets downvoted I'll shut up, my dick is off for Michael Chick if this gets one more D-vote

Amir: and guess what man...

Jake: Hundreds of downvotes

Amir: really?

Jake: Yeah, do you not check, do you follow up at all?

Amir: no I never go back

Jake: You would be depressed if you went through your reddit history, okay, here's another picture posted here of the pope and the caption says prays for starving children while sitting on a golden throne. 

Amir: laughs

Jake: what, you think that's funny now

Amir: (whilst Jake is talking)yeah

Jake: cause you didn't when you left this comment atheist fucks going to hell for talking smack about this God guy, bury me with downvotes if you disagree. You know, why do you, why do you ask for the downvotes?

Amir: I'm like a martyr

Jake: but if you agree, meet me at blockbuster, because we're renting rampart and then ramming each other's farts, then right under that you write Commenter above me is a philosopher, upvote him to karma heaven

Amir mock prays

Jake: Right under that you write I am the pope in this picture, ask me anything

Amir: that thread was dead

Jake: stop trying to protect yourself, you're coming up with excuses, just admit nobody on Reddit likes you

Amir: nobody likes me

Jake: This guy 'ForthewolfX' replied to you saying leave Reddit alone, love, everybody and his comment got (Amir is waving two thumbs down) thousands of upvotes

Amir: oh

Jake: and in response you decided to post a picture of Calvin trying to piss on Michael Chiklis, but there's no pee

Amir: yeah,  guess why

Jake: did he go dickless-

Amir: -(interrupting at the start of the word dickless) he went dickless for him, yeah, exactly right, ask him anytime.