[INTRO]:
AMIR (OS, vampire accent): I vant to suck your-
JAKE (OS): You're watching Jake and Amir.
AMIR (OS): ASS!
[VIDEO]:
Ricky is standing in the board room in front of the staff
RICKY: So I think we all know why I've called this meeting.
JAKE: Sorry Sir, where have you been the last five years?
RICKY: Uh, Ibiza.
JAKE: Okay-
RICKY: But accessible via email.
Ricky glares at Jake
JAKE: Sorry...
RICKY: Anyway, the rumours are true, one rather unlucky writer is going to move to Los Angeles to our West Coast office.
AMIR (singing): California, knows how to farty.
Amir farts with mouth. Silence ensues.
AMIR: Wow. Okay just cause there's a sombre moment doesn't mean I can't crack wise, can we wax poetic for a second about one-liners and their place in history?
JAKE: Let's not.
Amir looks incredulous
JAKE: Alright? We just found out one of our friends has to move across the country.
AMIR: Not my friend.
JAKE: What if it's me?
AMIR: Then I'll kill myself.
RICKY: Okay. Now there's no smart way to choose who goes-
JAKE: Sure there is.
RICKY (holding a cap): So what we did is we put twenty slips of paper in this hat that say 'New York', and one that says 'L.A.' We'll pass the hat around and if you get the one that says 'L.A.', you're moving. We'll start to my right.
Ricky hands the cap to Amir
RICKY: Obviously, the tension will mount as the hat gets passed along and the twisted game of Russian Roulette plays out...
Amir unwraps his strip of paper which reads 'L.A.'
ROSIE: The bitch got LA!
The entire board room apart from Jake and Amir bursts into cheers and applause. Balloons fall from the ceiling and confetti is thrown about. Jake looks on disappointed and disgusted at his co-workers as a staff member brings out a cake with sparklers on top. Two co-workers begin making out on the board table. Amir looks despondent as Ricky pops open a bottle of champagne.
AMIR (to Ricky): When do I have to leave by?
RICKY: I don't know, when do you guys think?
The crowd starts to chant 'A.S.A.P.'
Three co-workers hold signs that read: 'Hell Yes! He moves West!' and 'Hell No! He will go!'. Jake moves over to comfort Amir but is brushed aside by the celebration. A group of staff members pick Amir up by his chair
AMIR: Ricky! Objection! Leading the bitches!
WILL: This is finally my place!
Will walks over to Amir carrying a plate of faeces as the staff hold up a banner that reads: 'OH SHEESH Y'ALL TIS A DREAM'. Will smears it in Amir's face.
AMIR (coughing): Is this?
WILL: My own shit? Yeah...
AMIR (gagging): So hot...
WILL: It's good.
AMIR: No!
WILL: Uh huh...
The camera zooms out on the cap to reveal that all of the strips of paper read 'L.A.'
[TITLE]: 'To be continued...'