Rick Fox: (with one egg in each eye socket) One rooster, one chick. (kisses eggs together) smooch I'm bored...I'm bored!

Amir: You asked me to do this!

Rick Fox: I was not talking to you!

Amir: I know!...who were you talking to then?

Rick Fox: (puts eggs down) Don't worry about it. Did you get into the Egg Box yet?

Amir: You mean this file cabinet?

Rick Fox: What'd I say?

Amir: You said Egg Box. You said did you get into his Egg Box yet. And no I didn't get into his Egg Box cause I think you welded it shut with that little torch of yours.

Rick Fox: (holds up and lights torch) I was trying to break the lock.

Amir: (frustrated) I know; and I was trying to tell you that it wasn't locked.

Rick Fox: Look, in that box right there is where Jake keeps eggs.

Amir: (growing more irritated) Why do you think that!? What do you think that?

Rick Fox: (insulted that Amir would ask such a stupid question) Otherwise, why would it be locked?

Amir: (resorting to hitting the desk) It wasn't locked man, remember! Uhhh...you're haha; you're really frustrating today, Rick Fox. Like it's cool that you come by, cause like you're tall and like-

Rick Fox: Handsome.

Amir: Famous. Ah, but uh, i-it's a little too much right now-ha.

Rick Fox: Hey look, look, look, look, look. When's Jake gettin' back from lunch?

Amir: Lunch?

Rick Fox: Yeah, when's he gettin' back from lunch? EGG SALAD. What?

Amir: What!? What are you...(covers mouth) Mmmm. Ok, you're starting to freak me out. Do you remember like five minutes ago you tied up Jake and locked him in the supply closet? (Rick Fox tries to recall said event)

Jake: (half naked, tied up, and locked in the supply closet) This is insane! Rick Fox did this to me!

Amir: Why'd you steal his clothes by the way?

Rick Fox: (holds up a V-neck t-shirt) Look that kool katt tried to hot dog with a low V.

Amir: I guess...

Rick Fox: (throws down shirt) Look. (holds up three fingers) You got two options. 

Amir: Ok.

Rick Fox: One, pay me all the money you owe me. Or two (points to egg box), break in there and get me all the eggs in the world.

Amir: Ok you're the one who told me to bet on all those NBA games, man, remember!? And then you're like oh the NBA's locked out this season (Rick Fox plays the world's smallest violin), so all those bets are an instant loss!

Rick Fox: Yeah, instant loss.

Amir: By the way, there might not be any eggs in here, ok; let alone, I think you said, all the eggs in the world. So. Just trying to temper your expectations, ya know? (Rick Fox angerly pushes Amir down) Oh!

Rick Fox: The only thing tempered right now is you!

Amir: Yeah, uh, I don't know what that means. 

Rick Fox: (holds his hands out like claws) Do you want to join Jake for lunch?

Amir: Usually, yeah, but not the way you mean it with the c-hand and the eyeeeees! Hah.

Jake: (still half naked, tied up, and locked in the supply closet) Somebody has to be able to hear me! This closet's really close to a lot of people!

Rick Fox: Look, I don't wanna be the bad guy. Ok, that's just the way it is. I married a chicken.

Amir: What?

Rick Fox: What?

Amir: You married a chicken?

Rick Fox: Wha-?

Amir: You said you married-

Rick Fox: Listen!

Amir: I do listen. I heard what you said; you said you married-

Rick Fox: (frustrated because Amir never listens) You never listen!

Amir: (while Rick Fox hits the Egg Box) You said you married-

(Rick Fox opens the Egg Box to see that it's full of scrambled eggs)

Rick Fox: No...No...

Amir: I'm so sorry.

Rick Fox: No.

Amir: Oh God.

Rick Fox: (picks up scrambled eggs with both hands) No!

Amir: Oh no.

Rick Fox: NO!

Amir: Oh!

Rick Fox: (lifts up eggs and lets them fall into his mouth) NOOO! choking sound

Amir: (opens door to the supply closet where Jake is still tied up, half naked) Hey, sorry-

Jake: Ahhh, your dick's small!