INTRO -

Amir: Hey you're watching ...

Jake: Where are you going? 

Amir: I'm taking a break, I'm gonna do the rest of them later

SKETCH

(Amir and Rick Fox at a computer)

Amir: I'm betting on both teams

Rick Fox: That works. Hey, is there a deli that would deliver twelve dozen hard boiled eggs to me right now?
Amir: Twelve dozen, or like twelve eggs? 

Rick Fox: Ah, forget it. 

Amir: Well, no, I can look it up. 

Rick Fox: No, look, if you don't have it off the top of your head its not worth it to me. Just make the bet. 

Amir: Okay, sorry. 

Rick Fox: Don't be sorry, just get me the eggs

Amir: You said forget it

Rick Fox: I say allot of things, I said make the bet didn't I

(Jake walks in to the office wearing a jumper with an eagle on it) 

Jake: Woah..

Rick Fox: Are you the egg man? 

Jake: Are you Rick Fox? 

Amir: CooCoo Cachoo Jakey are you the egg-man or not? 

Jake: Sorry, what is Rick Fox doing here? 

Rick Fox: I'll tell you what Rick Fox is not doing here. He's not enjoying 144 delicious hard boiled eggs. 

Amir: Give him the eggs man

Jake: Yeah, I think I missed the whole egg thing... 

Amir: Rick Fox is my bookie, okay,  so just relax 

Rick Fox: You know what, woah, woah, I feel we've dropped the whole egg situation, and I very much still want them

Jake: Your bookie? 

Amir: Yeah, I pay him a small commission or 'Vig' and he helps place these sports bets and we win money, guaranteed!

Jake: How gauranteed? 

Amir: Because even if I win or lose, he's still getting the vig

Rick Fox: Oooooh

Amir: Ooooooh

Rick Fox: Oooooooh

Amir: Ooooooooh

Rick Fox: Oooooh

Amir: Ooooooh

Jake: Stop, how much money have you made so far?

Amir: I'm down, alright, thirteen G's

Rick Fox: Thirty G's 

Amir: Thirty G's. But either way, Rick Fox is up BIG! 

Rick Fox: You mean, up VIG!

(Jake, Amir and Rick Fox all laugh)

Rick Fox: Now give me the eggs 

Amir: Get him the eggs

Jake: What have you bet money on

Amir: Lot of stuff, man. We bet on a 2003 Laker game that Rick was sure he lost. Turns out they won. 

Rick Fox: Oops 

Amir: That lost me allot of money, that was a very nice vig for Rick.

Jake: Good work

Amir: Yeah, we also bet on the 2001 winter Olympics. 

Jake: Yeah, there wasn't an Olympics in 2001 

Rick Fox: No there wasn't, even years 

Amir: That's what we forgot. You would've saved me alot of moola, that was a big one for Rick 

Rick Fox: Yeah, you mean vig one 

(Rick Fox and Amir laugh) 

Jake: Yeah, you already made that joke

Rick Fox: Why you are not holding 144 delicious hard boiled eggs right now is beyond me!

Jake: Really, why? 

Rick Fox: Do you know how I won three NBA championships with Los Angeles Lakers? 

Jake: Eggs? 

Rick Fox: What? Eggs? What are you talking about? Hard work, defense, rebounding. Eggs? 

Amir: Idiot 

Rick Fox: Why are you talking about eggs? 

Amir: I dunno, he's like... 

Rick Fox: Are you obsessed with eggs? 

Amir: Are you obsessed, are you a chicken bro? 

Rick Fox: Is that why you have that on your shirt? 

Amir: Is that a chicken on your shirt? 

Rick Fox: It's a chicken, isn't it? 

Jake: It's an eagle on my shirt. Okay, you're obsessed with eggs, sir

Rick Fox: That's a chicken. Bet Chicken. 

Amir: I'm gonna bet chicken right now, we're do I go: chicken.com? 

Rick Fox: Yeah, give me the vig. You gotta learn how to be funny man

END SKETCH

POST SKETCH CLIP 

(Rick Fox in a separate room on the phone)