INTRO

Amir: You think you're so cool for watching Jake and Amir? Well you ain't!

Jake: Do you want people to stop watching?

Amir: No please!

END INTRO

Jake: Hey man you never have any food so it's a little weird when you ask me to eat with you. You also haven't blinked in a really long time, aren't your eyes dry?

Amir: I moisten it with this washcloth so I don't need to blink.

Jake: You're blinking behind the washcloth.

Amir: Rock paper scissors for the rest of that sandwich.

Jake: No.

Amir: What's the matter? Afraid you'll lose the sandwich?

Jake: Correct!

Amir: If you're afraid you'll lose to me then we don't have to play!

Jake: Hahahahaha, stand up let's do it!

Jake and Amir: Rock paper scissors shoot!

Amir: Ooo kemosabe!

Jake: Nah dude, you took a beat that's a DQ.

Amir: That's my sandwich.

Jake: Best 2 out of 3, best 2 out of 3.

Jake: Rock paper scissors shoot! Go to sleep, what have you got? Ooo scissors.

Amir: No.

Jake: That's scissors man.

Amir: It's paper.

Jake: No no no, your fingers are separated, this is scissors, this is scissors, this is paper! Like this, cup it almost like it's rock.

Amir: I was like this.

Jake: No, you weren't. You gonna be a bitch about it, you wanna be a bitch about it? You want your sandwich bitch? Here have your sandwich bitch.

Amir: I can't breathe.

Jake: You're a bitch.

Amir: struggling to breathe

Jake: You're not gonna make me feel like an asshole alright, you were cheating. I'm, I'm sorry, good lunch.

Amir: struggling to breath Jake.... Jake...

Jake: You know what you're doing? You're fighting the breathing and that's what's making it more painful, it's painful breathing right? Try only exhaling.

Amir: struggles to breath

Pat: Is Amir okay?

Jake: He's fine, I apologized to him twice already.

Amir: Once, you apologized once.

Jake: Alright look dude if you don't stop acting like a little bitch I'm gonna tell everyone you cheated during RPS and then you're gonna look like a douche.

Amir: No!

Jake: Alright good, you good?

Amir: Yes.

Jake: You're ribs not broken? Tell me does this hurt?

Jake: We good? Pound it. Stardom shot! Oh that's not your rib so you can't be pissed at me unless you're a bitch.

Link