[Jake drags Amir into a conference room, pushes him against the wall, and then down into a chair. He shuts the door.]

AMIR: God. Stop hugging me from behind. People will start talking about that.

JAKE: Shut up.

AMIR: Or.. (quietly) ok

JAKE: What just happened?

AMIR: Um, why should I answer your questions if you never answer any of the questions (JAKE: Ok, fine) that I, let me finish (JAKE: No), ask you.

JAKE: Ok let's do this: I ask a question, you ask a question, we can trade off.

AMIR: Fine, I'll go first...

JAKE: Okay

AMIR: ......do you wanna go first?

JAKE: Yes. Why did you just do that to Rosie?

AMIR: I don't know, you were just like hey, you look like shit, which I agreed with.

JAKE: Okay?

AMIR: And then he started laughing, not taking you seriously. Nobody doesn't take you seriously, not even you, so, I don't know, I lost it, I'm sorry, what color shirt are you wearing tomorrow.

JAKE: I don't know, probably grey.

AMIR: Probably? Cool. Conversation ovah--(stars to get up)

JAKE: Ok fine, it's grey it's grey! (Amir sits back down) It's gonna be grey! (sighs) Do you feel like what you just did was at all inappropriate, s- for work?

AMIR: (mocking Jake's stutter) No, uhh-I don't, uhh-I'm sorry, i-is it a crew neck, o-or a ringer shirt?

JAKE: It's- (puts his hand to his forehead in exasperation) a crew neck.

AMIR: AH that is sick. That is so chill (JAKE: Stop.), a crew neck grey, I never though to do that... it's--

JAKE: Shut up. Just shut up.

AMIR: ...phat as hell.

JAKE: Now that it's all said and done, do you feel at all sorry for what you did, keeping in mind he was crying when they took him to the hospital?

(Amir says nothing, zoned out)

JAKE: Amir.

AMIR: Oh. I dunno. (laughs). I was thinking- (high-pitched voice) I was tinking about ya chill shirt! I was tinking about ya chill shirt! (normal voice) Uh I don't care about Rosie I hope he dies in the hospital.

JAKE: Oh my god--

AMIR: Does it have.. red writing on it? Like little red.. is it a little red riding hoodie? Or is it--..

JAKE: Yeah it has writing on it. (sigh). Do you think there's any way in the future we can try to control your outbursts? Anything we can do at all?

AMIR: No. Is it the ATT shirt?

JAKE: Yeah it's the ATT shirt. (gets up from the table)

AMIR: Oooh that one is chill as shit!

JAKE: You know you could have just asked me from the beginning what exact shirt I was gonna wear tomorrow? (opens the door and walks out, leaving Amir in the room by himself)

(Amir has a look on his face like he's about to sarcastically retort, but then it changes to a look of realization of defeat.)

END.