INTRO

AMIR: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir-- where were you January 13th, 1999?

JAKE: Come on.

AMIR: I'm serious!



[Jake and Amir are at their desks. Amir has headphones on. He gasps and grabs his chest, and then turns his attention to Jake and takes off his headphones.]

AMIR: I am absolutely obsessed with the new Serial podcast!

JAKE: Yeah, man. I like it a l--

[Amir aggressively shushes Jake. As Amir talks, Jake mouths "Are you kidding me?"]

AMIR: I'm like, every time a new episode comes out, I, I'm just like-- [makes excited eating motions, laughs]

JAKE: What are you doing? I was willing to have a conversation with you, and you're steamrolling it. You just have an agenda, and you won't interact with me.

AMIR: [talking over Jake] I love it so much! I don't know, I can't explain it! I'm on the edge of my seat. I'm not even halfway done with the second episode, and I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I can't get enough! I literally started, like, three weeks ago.

JAKE: So you're not obsessed at all! You barely listen to it. You listened to one and a half episodes?

AMIR: Less than.

JAKE: Less!

AMIR: Yeah!

JAKE: Less! What?

AMIR: But I'm very active in the subreddit. Yeah, I'm in there theorizing, postulating... actually stirring up a good amount of resentment, and... ill will towards you and me both.

JAKE: [looking at his laptop] Okay, yeah. Here's your first post: "I'm a key witness. I was in the library with Asia McClain. It was me, not Adnan. My name is Jake Hurwitz, ask me anythang."

AMIR: Does posting in the subreddit make me a lawyer?

JAKE: Of course not.

AMIR: I mean, not necessarily.

JAKE: Not at all.

AMIR: But, it might make me a law clerk or, at the very least, a paralegal. I'm definitely, definitely at least a detective for it.

JAKE: You're a detective?

AMIR: I think so.

JAKE: You just posted five minutes ago: "MFW Sarah Koenig said the F-word," and... [clicking] ...it's a link to scat porn.

AMIR: I'm a gumshoe. I'm a gumshoe of a detective, a rookie cop with a, with a chip on his shoulder!

JAKE: You are so much less important than you think you are.

AMIR: [quietly] Excuse?

JAKE: Stop trying to half-assedly insert yourself into something successful, after the fact. It's lazy.

AMIR: Went to visit Adnan yesterday.

JAKE: ...No!

AMIR: Was ready to offer him a conjugal, but the warden turned me down on Adnan's behalf!

JAKE: That makes a lot of sense, man. You offered a conjugal visit to a convicted murderer?

AMIR: Oh, spoiler much?

JAKE: So you know nothing about the podcast. Have you listened to the one and a half episodes?

AMIR: Downloaded! [holding up two fingers, one hooked to represent half] I said I've downloaded one and a half episodes!

JAKE: No you didn't! You said you listened!

AMIR: I listened to part of one. I got to the MailChimp part, [pronounced "MailKimp", as in the podcast's ad] but I can really see why people are hot on this shit!

JAKE: Cool, so you listened to one part of the ad, and you're still very active in the subreddit.

AMIR: You don't have to know shit to be angry about shit. You just have to have an opinion, dumbass!

JAKE: Your opinion doesn't have to be angry!

AMIR: I'll often post without doing very much research at all, just passing off biased viewpoints as fact! Potentially redundant, definitely hurtful, and all caps, all the time, baby! Upvote!

JAKE: S-- ...upvote?

AMIR: Upvote!

JAKE: Upvote what?

AMIR: Upvote!

JAKE: You want to upvote this? "My name is Amir Hurwitz-Syed, and I am a member of Adnan's mosque. This is a picture of us playing ball back in the day. Even then, Adnan was a goofy killer, on the court. ;)" [Jake reads this as "winky face", and Amir winks as he reads] "Ask Me Almost Everything." And the picture's just a broken image. You wrote: "Edit: This link works," and then that is a picture of your penis Photoshopped onto Adnan's high school yearbook photo. Small dick, by the way. You commented: "Edit: Gotcha! But on the real, no lie, this is legit. This is the image. I had to dig through my mom's old photo albums," and that link is just...

[Jake clicks, and Rick Astley's "Never Gonna Give You Up" plays from his computer. Amir dances to the music.]

JAKE: What's wrong with you?

AMIR: And that made it to the front page! Wanna know why?

JAKE: Because it didn't.

AMIR: Exactly right! I'm lying, but it doesn't matter, because I'm loud, so you have to acknowledge me! That's the beauty of the internet! Ask me anythong! [pulls out a thong]

JAKE: Ohh...! Why were you wearing that?

AMIR: Conjugal, motherfucker!



END