INTRO

AMIR: ...

JAKE: Thought you said you were gonna do this one.

AMIR: I'm getting into character.



Jake and Amir are sitting across from each other at their desks. Amir is on the phone with his mom, sounding annoyed.

AMIR(to his mom): Yes. Yes. Okay. Well I don't love you. Uh, goodbye mother. 

Amir hangs up the phone.

AMIR(to Jake): Ahhh, god!

JAKE: You know when you're an adult it's actually not cool to not love your mom.

AMIR: Chh, obviously. It's just that she's being extra annoying today, okay, she's trying to set me up with somebody.

Jake smiles.

JAKE: Okay, yeah, that's always awkward. Who is it?

AMIR: Uh, it's like my mom's sister's daughter or some shit. My mom's sister's daughter's friend or something. I don't know. 

JAKE: Which one?

AMIR: It's like I can do fine without your help mother. 

Amir laughs.

AMIR: Don't call me a s-

JAKE: Ah, which one is it though. Your mom's sister's daughter or your mom's sister's daughter's friend.

Amir laughs.

AMIR: What does she? She wants me to call this girl up and be like-

Amir does a geeky voice.

AMIR: Hi, uh, my mom gave me your phone number, would you like to go on a chocolate dinner with me?

Jake: One of those people is your cousin the other would be a family friend.

Amir: Yes, exactly. I'm telling you that it's weird.

Jake raises his voice a little, getting impatient.

Jake: You're telling me it's uncomfortable calling somebody, I'm telling you it's weird to f**k your cousin. 

AMIR: Yes. 

JAKE: Yes.

AMIR: I know.

JAKE: So you know that?

AMIR: Yeah. So...

JAKE: In this scenario which one of those two people is your cousin?

Amir shakes his head smiling.

AMIR: My mother's friend.

JAKE: That wasn't even an option.

Amir gets on his cell phone and calls his mom. He holds a finger up to Jake.

AMIR(to Jake): One second.

AMIR(to his mom): Hey, mom, hey, hey, hey. Yeah, ah, Jake told me everything you crazy slut. I'M NOT DATING LERON. So.

JAKE: I didn't sa-

AMIR(to his mom): Oh, also mom, I love you. 

JAKE: Nice.

AMIR(to his mom): So, cool.

Amir hangs up the phone

AMIR: Uh, yeah, it was mom's sister's daughter's friend.

THE END

EPISODE LINK