(guitar playing, badly)
AMIR: You're watching Jake and Amir!

JAKE: Wow, really bad.

AMIR: (sad) I know!



JEFF: So right off the bat you can see this isn't like a traditional all-American board game. 

AMIR: So right off the bat--ninja star!

JAKE: Right off the bat, pick that up.

AMIR: Right off the bat, you're just trying to act cool in front of Jeff.

(jump scene)

JEFF: Now if you build a settlement on one of these ports--

AMIR: Ah, sorry, one second, I was texting. I--I wasn't listening.

JAKE: You can't even spell. How were you texting?

AMIR: Okay, it's very hard. Thanks for calling me out on it.

(jump scene)

JEFF: And we are ready to settle Catan!

AMIR: Shut the FU--

(jump scene)

JEFF: Okay, just pick a color.

JAKE: Uh, green.

AMIR: I'll be green too. Jake and I are on the same team.

JAKE: No we're not.

AMIR: Well, if you wanna be green, then yeah we are.

JAKE: I'll be white.

AMIR: I'll be white too.

(jump scene)

AMIR: Ooh, can I be the banker?

JEFF: Actually, there is no money in Catan. Instead you barter with resources like wood, wheat, ore, sheep, or clay. (pause) Are you masterbating right now?

(jump scene)

JEFF: So if you roll a seven, you get to--

AMIR: Hold on a second. Uh, Jake, you are amazing and I appreciate you a lot. 

JAKE: Thanks. Good compliment.

AMIR: Sure. Uh, you're perfect in every way, and I wouldn't change anything about you. Jeff, continue explaining--

JAKE: Alright, no more compliments from you.

AMIR: Sure.

JEFF: You guys good?

AMIR: Yeah, yeah, he's great.

(jump scene)

JAKE: Oh, just got a text from Amir. 'Garllln'. Question mark.

AMIR: Okay, that was a typo, it was supposed to be an exclamation point. I was excited.

(jump scene)

AMIR: I'm on a boat and, I'm on a boat and, I'm on a boat--

JAKE: That's a piece from Sorry!. And those weren't the lyrics.

AMIR: Sorry, I'm having a hard time figuring out which one of these are houses and which one of these are candies.

JAKE: Oh, there's a simple rule for that. If it's made of wood, it's a house, and nothing on the table is candy.

AMIR: Right right right. My teeth hurt.

(jump scene)

AMIR: All right, this move's a real game changer, so watch out!

(pulls out balance ball and throws it on table, scattering the pieces)

JEFF: Hey!

AMIR: (flips the board) Don't act like you didn't expect that to happen.

COLLEGE HUMOR