INTRO Jake - Hey, you're watching Jake- can you stop taking pictures of my jeans?

Amir - Whoa, pervert alert.



JAKE: Okay, first things first: Take some shaving cream, put it in your hand.

AMIR: Well hey, check it out, Jake and a mirror.

Amir touches mirror.

JAKE: That's good. Okay, so-

AMIR: That was a fricken courtesy laugh! And I appreciate it!

Amir touches Jake's waist.

JAKE: Alright, easy, easy.

Jake and Amir are both shaving.

AMIR: Hey, you think this shaving cream stuff works on cats? Yes or no, bitch I'm talking to you.

JAKE: I don't want you to shave a cat.

AMIR: That's not what I asked you

JAKE: Hey, one last thing...

AMIR: Yeah?

JAKE: Would you at least consider shaving your nipples?

Amir moves his towel to reveal nipple hair.

AMIR: No! (Chuckles)

JAKE: You don't just want to shave your soul patch, right?

AMIR: I don't know, haven't decided yet.

JAKE: Alright.

AMIT: But you decided, to be a queen douche about it.

JAKE: Hey, look, I'm being nice, okay? I'm teaching you to shave right now. And you're 28-years-old so you should know or your dad should've taught you.

AMIR: (Talking over Jake lecturing him) I know. Yeah, I know, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know, I know! I know already, I said I know! Jesus, you don't have to be a queen douche about it.

Cut back to Amir with his towel moved to expose nipple hair.

JAKE: Yeah, just cause the hair is so long (Amir says brown the same time Jake says long)

AMIR: Brown, I know right?

JAKE: No, long, is what I was going to say.

AMIR: Yeah, that too.

JAKE: That only.

Jake and Amir are shaving again.

AMIR: Hm, this is easy.

JAKE: Yup.

AMIR: Would it be harder or easier if I had legit cat fur on my face though?

Jake stops shaving.

JAKE: I really don't want you to shave a cat, okay?

AMIR: Don't tell me what to do, okay?

JAKE: It'd be harder with cat fur.

AMIR: I'll just get a sharper razor then.

Amir is moving his stomach.

AMIR: Look at that.

JAKE: Don't be proud of your body, okay?

Jake and Amir are shaving again.

AMIR: Do they make circular razors?

JAKE: No.

AMIR: Like one that would like easily mold to the contour of a feline anus?

JAKE: I already said no, man. You don't have to specify.

Amir continues to shave in silence.

AMIR: I'm gonna shave a cat.

JAKE: I know.

JAKE: Hey, I have a question, how do you get this nipple hair so soft?

Jake rips the hair off of one of Amir's nipples and Amir screams.

Jake and Amir are shaving together.

JAKE: Okay, just like that, slowly, carefully.

Amir nicks himself.

AMIR: Ooh, nicked myself a little bit.

Jake and Amir continue to shave. Amir is holding the towel to his bloody cut.

JAKE: Okay, slowly, carefully.

AMIR: Mmhmm.

JAKE: You alright? Watch me do it.

Amir nicks himself again.

AMIR: Ooh, okay. Two for two!

Amir is holding the towel around his bloody neck.

JAKE: Okay, just do me a favor? Keep your razor away from your face, watch how slow I'm going. Just like this.

Jake demonstrates how to shave.

AMIR: I was going that slowly.

JAKE: Just like this. You put pressure on that.

Amir is covered in blood.

JAKE: Okay, tell me this goat isn't chief, and I'll shave it off right now.

AMIR: It's not chief.

JAKE: Oh, you don't know jack! Shaving it.

Amir is covered in his own blood.

AMIR: You know, if you think this is funny...

JAKE: I don't.

AMIR: Imagine it being cat blood. (Laughs) Imagine wearing a bib with  a towel... (Closes eyes faintly) I fainted for a split.

END

EPISODE LINK