[Intro]

Amir: [mumbling] Hey you're watching Jake and Amir

Jake: Wow, are you ok?

Amir: I think I'm gonna throw up [wretches]

Jake: Oh no!

[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks, Amir sneezes]

Jake: You know if you're sick you should just go home

Amir: You'd love that wouldn't you?

Jake: Yes

[Amir sneezes again]

Amir: Well, sorry but I'm not sick, alright? Never have... [silence]

Jake: Usually people follow that up with never will

Amir: Well you never know right?

Jake: But you're definitely sick

Amir: Alright, this is what we're gonna do. I'm gonna cough in your mouth, if you're not sick in two days, I was right. If you are sick in two days we'll chalk that up to being a weird coincidence and we'll call it a draw

Jake: Okay so there's no way that I'm right?

Amir: That's correct

Jake: Then why on earth would I let you cough into my mouth?

Amir: I am that confident

Jake: I'm not questioning your confidence, I'm questioning what you're confident of

Amir: Okay, now you're not making sense. Just get over here buttfucker!

Jake: Is that from something?

Amir: [Shaking his head] I dont know

Jake: That makes it so much worse, I'm not letting you sneeze into my mouth

Amir: What's the matter Jakey? 'Fraid you won't get sick?

Jake: The exact opposite actually

Amir: You're... You're not... You are not afraid that you-

Jake: You don't know what opposites are that's okay

Amir: That's fine 'cos I don't need to know what opposites are

Jake: That's technically true though you probably should

Amir: Yes well what I don't know, can't kill me

Jake: Interesting. Do you know what a heart attack is?

Amir: No

Jake: Diabetes?

Amir: No

Jake: Malnourishment?

Amir: Definitely not

Jake: Three things that can kill you. Malnourishment probably is killing you right no-

Amir: Listen, can I just come over there and-

Jake: Cough into my mouth? No. Are you crazy?

Amir: Oh I bet you think I'm so-

Jake: So predictable. Yeah, yeah I do

Amir: I wasn't gonna say that

Jake: What were you gonna say then?

[Long silence, Amir stares ahead without moving]

Jake: Did you fall asleep or something?

Amir: Buttfucker