Jeff: I'm Jeff Ruben, and this week on Bleep Bloop, we are—

Amir: Ah, wrong video, wrong video.

Jeff: Ooh, sorry.



Amir: How are you enjoying the silent treatment, Jakey?

Jake: Well, you're talking to me now, so...

Amir: Well, that'll be the last time today, so... [Amir looks to Sarah.] Sarah, will you let Jake know that this is gonna be the last time that I'm gonna talk to him today?

Sarah: Jake, Amir wants you to know he's not talking to you anymore.

Jake: Thanks.

Amir: Sarah, now will you tell Jake that I'm interested in hearing what he did last night, who he ate dinner with, what he had for dinner, who he was with, why he wasn't at home, or et certa.

Sarah: Jake, Amir wants you to know he's a needy idiot and needs to know everything about your life. Also, does not know how to pronounce et cetera.

Amir: Okay, I didn't say that, Jake.

Jake: Thought you weren't talking to me.

Amir: Ah! Sarah, okay, uh, tell Jake that you were kidding earlier when you were talking about me not knowing how to say stuff.

Sarah: Whoa, Jake, did you know Amir has a huge crush on me?

Amir: HA! In your dreams, bitch. [Sarah makes an Uh, okay. face.] Err, sorry, tell Jake that I said, Ha, in your dreams, bitch, and then let me know what he says... Let me know if he laughs or whatever.

Jake: Y'know, I think you're more talkative when you're giving people the silent treatment.

Amir: Whoa, that's weird; Sarah, is a window open? Because I just heard a draft. [Sarah rolls eyes.] Sarah.

Sarah: Just.. shut up.

Amir: Okay! [Amir clasps and claps hands.] Silent treatment on Sarbear then. [Short silence follows.] Jake, will you ask Sarah if she heard a draft?

Jake: You're talking to me again.

Amir: Sheesh Louish, okay, Pat, will you let Jake know that Sarah is now suffering my silent wrath, and that you'll be the one who—

Jake: Pat's not here.

Amir: Oh, FINE! (looking around office) Uhhh, QUINCY, will you let Pat know that if he's not gonna be here anymore, then he should tell me because—

Sarah: There's no one here named Quincy, Amir.

Amir: All right! New game: We can only talk to each other, IF—

Jake and Sarah: (simultaneously) Just shut up!

Amir: Jinx! HA! Now both of you guys can't talk, so... [Jake and Sarah ignore Amir in silence.] ...Guys? Do you guys hear a draft? ...Quincy? [Screen cuts to black.] QUINCY!

THE END

EPISODE LINK