INTRO

Amir: Jake and Amir watching you are.

Jake: Yoda?

Amir: Chewy, actually.

EPISODE

Amir: Snowstorms right? I remember as a kid, I used to play outside during a snowstorm on my front lawn, trying to spell S.O.S with my tracks. I don't know why. What was I trying to be saved from? Those were the best days of my life.

Jake: Ricky said you threw hot coffee in Rosie's face this morning.

Amir: When it's this much, you can't even tell if it's falling down or going up-

Jake: On purpose.

Amir: Everywhere, it's white on white, it's pure, it's beautiful. There is no direction, it just, is.

Jake: It's definitely going down, they said you just like walked up, didn't say anything, you just threw the hot coffee in his face. Did you?

Amir: It's funny how winter kind of sneaks up on you, you know? Every year I'm surprised again for the first time.

Jake: Sarah tried to help him and you picked her up by the neck and threw her to the ground.

Amir: I guess life is about being spontaneous.

Jake: I don't know if you're listening to me, but you're probably going to go to jail for this. The very least you'll be arrested, I think the police are on their way.

Amir: Look how beautiful it is outside. I'm already in jail.

Jake: So you are hearing me, ok. This is the second time you've really hurt Rosie.

Amir: In a couple of years we're going to look back on this day and realize, this was the day that the cops came and I hid behind the copy machine and you covered for me even though you didn't want to.

Jake: Ok, so now I see where you were going with all that. I'm not going to do that though.

Amir: It was our word against Rosie's. He didn't stand a chance. Our friendship was solidified by the risk you were willing to take for me.

Jake: This is some seriously depraved shit man, and I'm not covering for you.

Amir: You said you weren't going to cover for me but deep down inside, you knew that you had to.

Jake: Don't talk about deep down inside me, ok.

Amir: At the end of the day, I had some shit on you that the police couldn't find out about and if they did, you'd be the one sitting next to me in that jail cell.

Jake: Yeah right, what?

Amir: March 15, 1999 you-

Jake: Ok, fine fine. Go hide, go hide.

Amir: (runs away)

(after ending)

Jake: Snow, huh. If it were any color other than white, it wouldn't be as beautiful.

Murph: Yeah that's, that's a little racist.

EPISODE LINK 

Checklist for Episodes