INTRO

AMIR: Hey there, you're watchin' a ramblin' episode of Jake and Amir!

JAKE: No.

AMIR: And it goes a little something like-- [guitar strum]



[Jake and Amir are at their desks. Amir is playing a guitar.]

AMIR: So when I take my hand and go with you, be sure to leave me high, to do... goodbye, my love, goodbye, my-- prrd. To each her own, to each her... I love you...! [stops singing] ...Stupid.

JAKE: So stupid.

AMIR: It's crazy.

JAKE: That you did that at work?

AMIR: [balancing the guitar on the desk] Guitar's like... part of my body at this point.

[Amir lets go of the guitar, and it falls hard to the floor. Jake cringes.]

JAKE: Did that hurt?

AMIR: That's actually a polished final. On vinyl, actually, but if you have a note or a feedback, I'd love to hear it.

JAKE: If I had a single feedback? Not to write music. Don't write music.

AMIR: Joke's on you, 'cause music's not about a single note. It's about a harmony. [laughs] Not surprised you didn't know that, though, 'cause you don't know shit about folk, or folk about shit!

JAKE: You have a job here. I don't know why, but you do, so why don't you focus on being good at that. For instance, you didn't even bring a computer charger today. I guess you just figured two hours of work and then you'd be done. And if you don't want to get good at your job, which is... I guess bad, but, fine-- focus on things that would make you a better human being, like hygiene. Brush your teeth. Wipe your ass.

AMIR: That's funny, I don't remember that part of the song! How about giving me notes about melody, about tune, about how it sounded?

JAKE: Okay. So you're not listening to me.

AMIR: I am. I'll do that. I'll do the stuff about the brushing.

JAKE: Do what?

AMIR: Brush my hair!

JAKE: What's something that you don't brush? Not your hair. What's something else that you don't brush?

AMIR: I don't brush my hair, ya fuckin' idiot! [laughs]

JAKE: ...Teeth!

AMIR: I know!

JAKE: You don't know!

AMIR: I know!

[Jake doesn't respond.]

AMIR: [slurring his phrase into a single syllable] Iknow! ...I just want to do shit that makes me smile of you!

JAKE: What?

AMIR: Yeah!

JAKE: No!

AMIR: I knew this would happen. I knew as soon as I went off and did something cute and subjective, you would turn it into this, this, this, this, this, this nuclear bomb of me!

JAKE: You know what? Talk normal. Okay? "Nuclear bomb of me"? "Smile of you"? You're digressing! You used to be able to speak English.

[Amir is raising his arms defensively.]

JAKE: Put your arms down! What are you doing?

AMIR: Your attitude almost makes me not want to write a song and perform it for you at work... yeah!

JAKE: Good. That... that is the first time I've ever seen you come close to making a right decision.

AMIR: Excuse...?

JAKE: That inkling that you have--

AMIR: You're a dickling!

JAKE: I said "inkling", but you are the dickling. Okay?

AMIR: You're a dickling!

JAKE: The inkling that you have, to not do something because you know I'll think it's dumb? That's the first step into, I guess, adolescence. You finally have the social intelligence of an eleven-year-old.

AMIR: Well if you like that song, then you truly are the apple of my pie.

[Amir pulls out an apple pie, and pies himself in the face with it. It slides off gradually, and Amir looks disappointed in himself.]

AMIR: [to himself] Why'd you do that, ya idiot? ...You turn every positive into a weird thing of you. Just take the compliment, Hurwitz! You are an anal assassin of the highest calendar. He finally was on your side. He liked the song.

JAKE: I never said I liked the song.

AMIR: You said I had the social intelligence of an eleven-year-old!

JAKE: ...What word in that sentence says "song"?

AMIR: AKA!

JAKE: I have to work from home.

AMIR: Of course! And you can't give me a ride home because--

JAKE: I dislike being with you.

AMIR: --my guitar won't fit. Exactly right.

[Jake gets up to leave. Amir sighs and eats bits of apple pie from the pan.]

AMIR: [singing] So pie-pie, Miss American Bye!



END