Amir: Hey Jake.

Jake: Ch-ch-poooh. 

Amir: What's that?

Jake: Just start the song.

Amir: Ok. I didn't get why you did the gun thing, then. 

Jake: Forget it.

(italics represent lyrics to Welcome to the Black Parade, lip synced by Jake and Amir)

When I was, a young boy, my father, took me into the city, to see a marching band.

He said 'son when, you grow up, would you be, the savior of the broken, the beaten and the damned? He said-

Will you, defeat them, your demons, and all the non believers, the plans that they have made?'

Because one day, I'll leave you, a phantom, to lead you in the summer, to join the Black Parade.

Jake: Don't do the guitar, I'm doing the guitar.

Amir: I'll do it.

Jake: I started it first, man. I'll do the drums.

Amir: You do drums.

Jake: Fine. Do that, but that's bass.

Amir: Not, it's not. It's not bass. It's not a bass.

Jake: You're doing guitar again.

Amir: I'm not!

(italics represent lyrics to Welcome to the Black Parade by My Chemical Romance. Jake and Amir and doing weird stuff while listening to the song.)

Sometimes I get the feeling she's watching over me.

And other times I feel like I should go.

And through it all, the rise and fall, the bodies in the streets.

And when you're gone we want you all to know.

We'll carry on,

We'll carry on

And though you're dead and gone believe me

Your memory will carry on

We'll carry on

And in my heart I can't contain it

The anthem won't explain it.

A world that sends you reeling from decimated dreams

Your misery and hate will kill us all.

So paint it black and take it back

Let's shout it loud and clear

Defiant to the end we hear the call

To carry on

We'll carry on

And though you're dead and gone believe me

Your memory will carry on

We'll carry on

And though you're broken and defeated

Your weary widow marches-

Jake: I just realized we're listening to 2 separate songs.

Amir: That's funny.

Jake: Well, yeah, it's weird more than anything.

We'll carry on, we'll carry on