INTRO

Amir: *monotone* I am a robot, you're watching Jake...

Jake: Unplug your nose, you asshole.

Amir: OKAY.

EPISODE

Amir: Happy Post-Turkey Day, eveyone! Who wants 5 liters of piping-hot split pea soup? Or, should I say, shit pee poop? *laughs* No, I'm just jok-oh no! Ah! *falls over, pours soup on face* ARGH! FUCK, IT'S BOILING!

Jake: O-oh my god!

Amir: AH, IT'S BOILING MY FACE AND NECK! AAH, IT'S SO HOT! AAH!

Jake: Hey, alright, I'm going to call 9-1-1, okay?

Amir: No, it's not going to do anything! I prank call them all the time!

Jake: I'll call it from my phone.

Amir: I do it from your phone!

Jake: Well, I'll just tell them you legitimately burned your face this time!

Amir: I crank-yanked them last night with that exact line! I said, please come, I legitimately burned my face this time! They show up, there's a flaming pile of dog shit on my own apartment stoop. Got 'em good.

Jake: ..did you?

Amir: Nah, not really. They just left and a huge part of my apartment burned down. Can you do me a favor?

Jake: What?

Amir: I'd like to stay with you in order to recoup from this injury. I need you to be my nurse for a week.

Jake: ...no.

Amir: What? You already said yes! How could you take it back now?

Jake: No, I didn't. I said what.

Amir: Yeah, what is yes! Why would you want to know what the favor is unless you were going to do it?

Jake: To see if I wanted to agree to the favor!

Amir: No! Hell no!

Jake: Don't tell me what I mean.

Amir: This is unreal! This was your soup!

Jake: What are you talking about?

Amir: I made this soup for you, right? I called you last night and I said, if I brought in leftover split pea soup, would you have some?

Jake: And I said no!

Amir: Exactly! And then I said, if you're not going to have it, then I'm just not going to bring any in, and you said fine.

Jake: Yeah, fine as in don't bring in the soup.

Amir: No, fine as in yes!

Jake: Stop telling me what I mean by shit!

Amir: Are you actually yelling at me right now? I feel like I'm being burnt alive in a cauldron, or a bowl of hot soup was dumped on my face.

Jake: Have you already forgotten that that is what happened?

Amir: *sigh* I'm starting to regret this whole plan.

Jake: What plan, man?

Amir: I figured if I scalded myself on my most important organ,  my face...

Jake: Wrong.

Amir: For most people it's heart, for me, it's face.

Jake: You're wrong. Go on.

Amir: I figured if I doused myself in hot soup, you'd want to bring me in. Show me some tender love and care, y'know? Maybe rent some DVDs from Blockbuster Media. I would even eat some leftover yams that you would offer me. I don't really like yams, but I wouldn't have the heart to tell you.

Jake: Well, I'm well aware that you hate yams.

Amir: I hate 'em. I hate yams!

Jake: Stop saying yams.

Amir: ....YAMS.

Jake: Look, if you really did this just to recover at my house, if you're that pathetic, lowly, and masochistic, then...y'know what? I almost do feel bad enough to have you...

Amir: No, no, I don't want to do it like this. I don't want that pity invite!

Jake: What are you talking about? Yes you do! You poured the soup on your face!

Amir: This isn't about me.

Jake: Yes, it is! Everything's about you! You're the most selfish person I know!

Amir: That is not fair.

Jake: Unfair? You prank called 9-1-1! You took emergency responders away from people who actually need it!

Amir: Okay, y'know what? I accept the pity offer. You've made me feel like shit, and so I will accept the pity offer, but I will NOT eat the yams.

Jake: Oh, you'll eat the yams.

Amir: I will not eat the yams, Amir!

Jake: I'M Jake, YOU'RE Amir.

Amir: ...YAMS.

Jake: *starts strangling Amir*

Amir: Aah, god, this isn't part of the yam plan! Yam plan, thank ya ma'am!