INTRO Jake - Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.  See, that's how you do it.

Amir - Yeah right. That sucked. 



AMIR: (pause) Hey. (pause) Hey. (pause) Hey. (Jake is still ignoring him, Amir throws the pen he's been holding at Jake)

JAKE: (pause) What? 

AMIR: Can I have your father's e-mail address?

JAKE: No. 

AMIR: I ASKED YOU VER-- . . .I asked you very politely, OK? It's nothing bad. So just give me his e-mail address.

JAKE: I don't care what it is, all right? You're not going to get my dad's address. 

AMIR: All right, me and you have been arguing way too much recently and I think we just need to spend some time apart. 

JAKE: OK. That's actually really mature of you. 

AMIR: You know, just get away for a while. Just go our separate ways.

JAKE: You do not have to convince me. I completely agree. 

AMIR: Perfect. Submitted. (chuckles) You're about to be so happy. 

JAKE: What?

AMIR: I just booked us--

JAKE: No. Stop.

AMIR: An eight night, ten day Mexican staycation!

JAKE: You just said you wanted to take a break!

AMIR: From work.

JAKE: Get away for a while. 

AMIR: Yeah, from the office.

JAKE: You specifically said 'go our separate ways'!

AMIR: (sings) Pack your bags, we leave tonight.

JAKE: I have plans tonight. 

AMIR: I'm not taking 'no' for an answer.

JAKE: Well, take no for an answer, OK? Because I can't just get up and go on an 8 day vacation with you. 

AMIR: STAYCATION!

JAKE: You're using that word wrong!

AMIR: Do you not get why we need this? Do you not see why we need this?!

JAKE: Do you understand why I'm not coming with you?

AMIR: Yeah, because it does 'fit' into your schedule!

JAKE: No, because it's eight days long and you told me about it 30 seconds ago!

AMIR: You know, why go on vacation? You just took me on a guilt trip.  Hey, that's pretty neat. Best part of all, I didn't have to drop 40K on that. (laughs) And we don't have to suffer through any all you can eat banana leaf buffets or go through any scuba diving lessons which is perfect because I'm deathly afraid of water anyways!! 

JAKE: You can't make me feel bad for how you spend your money!

AMIR: (clapping) Bravo. Bravo. Bra--what a victim you are. You must be in the worst shape of ever.  I feel so bad for Jake.

JAKE: Does anybody want to go to lunch?

AMIR: You know what? Guess what? That e-mail I was going to send your dad? Yeah, it was bad. It was a Trojan horse.  You know what that is? It's a computer virus that would have taken down his whole network. Now do you want to go on a staycation with me? Or am I too crazy?!  

THE END. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYx6QEBnBq4