INTRO:

AMIR: Hey, you've reached Jake and Amir; leave a message.

JAKE: This isn't your phone.

AMIR: Wha'eva.



[Amir is in the office's kitchen trying to free his hand from the sink.]

(Jake enters and goes to fill a cup from the water cooler.)

AMIR: Ahoy!, matey! How goes? heheheheh (cackles in a silly manner)

JAKE: What's up.

AMIR: Ah, no, just washing.. my.. hands? (as though he's going to say ever heard of it?) heheh

JAKE: Cool. Just about done there?

AMIR:  (in a British (Canadian?) accent) Yea just about done there. Uh, lata'.  (in falsetto) See ya!

JAKE: I've never seen you wash your hands before.

AMIR: Yeah, no, have you? hahah PEACE! blpblpblbpblbp (motorboat noise)

JAKE: Are you stuck?

AMIR: No, I'm not, so uh, one second, gimme, uh, I'll catch up with you later! Where are you gonna be, by the desk area? (playfully) Get out of here!

JAKE: You constantly are following me around, you always want me near you, and now you want me to leave.

AMIR: (playfully) I want you to leave! Get out! Get outta here, you!

JAKE: Alright, fine, I'm gonna go, man; I'm gonna go to McDonald's. You wanna go to the Dees? Wanna come?

AMIR: Ahhh.. Yeah! I do, I do.. aeahh that is why you go and I'll meet you there in five-- bring me a Band-Aid, please?

JAKE: Check this out: nuggets. (Places a box of Chicken McNuggets on a shelf above him.) I'll leave them right there for you. Good?

AMIR: Ah,, I think I can go a day without.. THE NUGGETS, ahahaha, I'm pretty good without it, toss me them, toss me them to me, toss them to me, because I changed my mind for a second--

JAKE: Ok, so you, you're not stuck, but yet you can't--

AMIR: (yelling) Ok do you want your phone back or not?!

JAKE: (now yelling as well) My phone?! What are you doing with my phone?!

AMIR: (as though Jake doesn't have a reason to yell) Oh my God relax, I was just checking your voicemail!

JAKE: You were checking my voi- I'm not gonna relax, why were you checking my voicemail?!

AMIR: (Begins running the water.) Because I'm crazy!, alright, you know that! For two years I've been annoying you and I've been insane, how can you be surprised right now!?

JAKE: Ok you want me to start pretending that that's the norm? You're running the water! Why would you be running the water?!

AMIR: Yeah it's called floating the phone to the top, ok?! (falsetto) Cream rises, bitch!

JAKE: Ok, you're acting like this is my fault!

AMIR: Ok, you're acting like this is MY fauAHUAAHAHAhhlt. (yanks his hand free of the sink on accident, it's covered in blood).

JAKE: Wanna go to the hospital?

AMIR: Yeeaah.

END.