SUGGESTION BOX


[INTRO]
Amir: Hey, you are watching Jake and Amir
Jake: Hey, you're sweating a lot
Amir: Well, it's hot in here  

[VIDEO]
Amir: [Wave] Howdy, how
Jake: Shh
Amir: You know what this is? [shows a box]
Jake: Not work
Amir: Not even close
Jake: That's not a good thing
Amir: It's a suggestion box
Jake: 'Siggestion box', actually
Amir: How do I know how to improve myself, without people writing on tiny little slips of paper, and put it in anonimously into my suggestion box
Jake: You know, you spend a lot of time at work being unproductive and just generally doing things that aren't your job
Amir: Let me stop you right there
Jake: I said everything I wanted to say
Amir: You haven't said anything yet, until ya, [high pitch voice] put it in the box
Jake: Here something to consider
Amir: Put it in the box
Jake: You are not going to-
Amir: [with miserable face] Put it in the box
Jake: You are not going to-
Amir: Put it in the box
Jake: You are not going to like what people have to say about you ok? You don't take constructive criticism well
Amir: [while angry] What the hell that suppose to mean I don't [finger quoting] take constructive criticism well, ok? Who are you? To tell me this, this poison. [stuttering] --I won't hear it
Jake: You know, anybody could say something like that and put it in the box
Amir: If I s--, if I see, if I see that poison in here
Jake: Stop saying poison
Amir: You know, it just doesn't have to be a suggestion of what I'm doing wrong, it could be like a suggestion of what I'm doing right
Jake: Then it wouldn't be a suggestion
Amir: Actually, should be that, should be tips of how I'm doing stuff well
Jake: Then it wouldn't be a tip. I think you've lost, you've lost track of the concept here
Amir: I would never, tell you how to improve yourself, ok? And that's not just because your perfect
Jake: You are not my friend
Amir: You're gonna be humming a different tune once I, open the box
Jake: How would that change anything?
Amir: You are preaching into the choire, and I love that
Jake: Ok, you have gone of the rails now. At least you've started from a logical place thinking that a suggestion box could better helping yourself, but now you are speaking half metaphores which you don't entirely unders--
Amir: Shh. Put it in the box [extend his arm across the desks]
Jake: How long is your arm?
[THE END]  

WATCH VIDEO