INTRO

Jake - Hey you're watching Jake and Amir... Flawless-

Amir - Flawless victory.

Jake - Dammit.

Amir - Sorry.

EPISODE

Amir - (walks in and locks door)

Jake - Did you just lock the door?

Amir - Alright, I left this (suggestion box) on my desk for 2 days so let's 
see what people really think about me.

Jake - Just remember to have thick skin, alright-

Amir - My skin is FINE alright, so shut it. You know I'm sensitive about that kind of stuff.

Jake - What kind of stuff?

Amir - Stuff about me. (makes a fist)

Jake - Don't hit me, please. Don't hit me.

Amir - Ugh, this box is like jammed, do you have scissors or something?

Jake - No, I don't just carry scissors around with me.

Amir - Whoa, ok you don't have to tell me twice. Heheh. GIVE ME THE SCISSORS.

Jake - So I do have to tell you twice.

Amir - Yeah, alright. You know, just give me your scissors and we'll call it even... Unless you want another one of these (make a fist).

Amir - Alright, first one is a joke, so I'm gonna pass on that grass.

Jake - What's it say?

Amir - It says "You should work harder, you're never at work on time and I often see you doing stuff that isn't related to your job". Heheh, someone's goofin' me. (stuffs paper in mouth).

Jake - Don't.

Amir - Hi, my name's Dan from the Witness Protection Program, can I have your scissors sir?

Jake - That doesn't even make any sense.

Amir - Ok, this one's got to be a goof. "I reek of garbage." Uh, not a suggestion.

Jake - It says right there you should shower regularly.

Amir - (Hahaha) Ok, if you don't know the difference between a goof and a real suggestion you should just leave.

Jake - Alright, I'll go.

Amir - That was a goof.

Amir - Alright, this one's upside down, I shall discard it, AS A GOOF.

Jake - "When you walk into the office, it literally feels like I'm being water-boarded with diarrhea, the stench of a billion farts."

Amir - Jesus, that one... (pats chest) THAT WAS A GOOF.

Amir - Oh what's that game? Rock, paper,...

Jake - Scissors.

Amir - HAH.

Jake - Doesn't mean I have them.

Amir - (in goofy voice) This one's a real goooof says Goofy. Hahah.

Jake - It just says "die".

Amir - (does Goofy laugh).

Amir - Ahh, let's see the next goof.

Jake - You've taken to calling them goofs before you even read them.

Amir - (looks at suggestion) Yeah, that's a goof. (looks at ground sadly)

Amir - This one's not so bad, "More healthy options in the vending machine".

Jake - Alright, I think someone didn't understand the concept behind your-

Amir - Yeah well I'm gonna make this one my mission, ok! What good would it be to ignore all of these?

Jake - What about every single other one?

Amir - Those are-

Jake and Amir - Goofs.

Jake - Right.

Amir - Yeah, they're goofy.

Amir - (looking at ground sadly) 

Jake - So are you going to keep breathing or no?

Amir - Oh what's the point, ok. Each one of these pieces of paper is a tiny little reminder that I'm not good enough. That I gotta change something.

Jake - Then why did you make a suggestion box?

Amir - I was hoping, it would be empty.

Jake - No more suggestions, did you learn anything?

Amir - Yeah, I learned I need a new job, one that's far away from these losers.

Jake - That's fine. That was one of the suggest-

Amir - Yeah you're right, I'll stick it out.

Jake - Didn't say that.

Amir - Whoa, what's that? (reaches for Jake's back pockets).

Jake - Get off me!

Amir - Give me your sciss- (finds scissors) So you had scissors.

Jake - Give them back, alright! You always get them sticky.

EPISODE LINK

Checklist of Episodes