INTRO

Amir- Hey you're watching Jake and-A BEAR? What the hell is that?

Jake- Focus, man.



AMIR: No!

JAKE: What?

AMIR: None of your business, alright? My little cousin sent me this questionnaire to fill out over email because he has to do a profile on somebody he respects for his journalism class.

JAKE: Why'd you say none of my business and then immediately answer my question? 

AMIR: Will you help me answer these questions or not? I just forwarded you the email.

JAKE: Yeah, you did: (reading email) amir@dailydizzydinkydeals.com, you gotta change that email address.

AMIR: Thanks for the tip! (snickers) Seriously, thank you for the tip, but can you help me out, please?

JAKE: What's so hard about the survey? (reads email) What are some characteristics of a good employee at 
your company?

AMIR: I mean I hate to say this ... but throwing lit matches on people while they're taking a dump.

JAKE: You should hate to say that. Everybody else hates when you do it. (reading from email) Where do you see yourself in five years?

AMIR: Just say 'Go fuck yourself'.

JAKE: Why does your cousin respect you?

AMIR: Is that in there?

JAKE: You said it! Right up top, you said your cousin had to do a profile on somebody he respects.

AMIR: Is the question on the questionnaire?

JAKE: -And you just said 'Go fuck yourself' to him. What grade is he in?

AMIR: Third, he's repeating the third grade.

JAKE: You know what, Where do you see yourself in five years? let's write 'dead', and hope for the best, right?

AMIR: (shrugs) Yeah.

JAKE: (reading from email) How important was your high school education in getting your job? Do you think it's important for high-schoolers to take their education seriously?

AMIR: Stop that right there-

JAKE: -I was done.

AMIR: -Let me answer that question with a rap: (plays beat on computer) 

Math? Ha! Math was crap.

If you wanna know why, then steal a hen.

Learning shit is for nerds and jocks. 

Don't believe me? Ask my uncle.

Green, blue, brown, and red.

Go to school and you regret it.

I got ninety nine problems, and a bitch (makes eating gesture) ate one.

(looks at Jake expectantly)

JAKE: Jesus Christ, that was the worst thing I've ever heard in my entire life.

AMIR: (quietly) I know...

JAKE: You don't know. You couldn't possibly know how bad it was because if you did, you probably would've 
never attempted to say it in front of anybody.

AMIR: News flash! (lifts shirt to expose his hairy nipples)

JAKE: Oh, shave 'em!

AMIR: That only took me a week. Yeah, I did that over the course of several weekends, so who feels bad now?

JAKE: You should.

AMIR: I do.

JAKE: (quoting Amir) Math was crap / If you wanna know why, then steal a hen.

AMIR: Bad.

JAKE: What an awful, ugly pair of sentences. Yeah, bad!

AMIR: -Agreed, agreed.

JAKE: -You agree? Why'd you do it?

AMIR: At best? It sucked.

JAKE: Dude, I feel bad for you! I legit feel bad for you; that was like one of the simplest things I've ever seen 
you struggle with.

AMIR: I know, the beat sucked shit, too.

JAKE: No it didn't, the beat was fine.

AMIR: Okay, good, because my cousin Leeron came up with it. I'm glad he did something right. (snickers)

JAKE: Did he come up with the rap? 

AMIR: No, that was all me.

JAKE: So it sounds like he did everything right, and you did everything wrong.

AMIR: Mhm.

JAKE: I think I have to turn off my computer and just go home, that really ruined my day.

AMIR: Yeah, it was suck suck. I think, I think I'm gonna have to turn off my computer and go home too, I mean I 
feel bad about myself.

JAKE: (shakes head)

AMIR: Beat was crap, the rap was crap-

JAKE: -Beat was fine, beat was good! Rap was really bad.

AMIR: Absolutely-Hey! You're preaching to the chair.

JAKE: Why couldn't you think of a rhyme for crap?

(Pat storms in)

PAT: You! (points to Amir) Are you fucking insane? You threw a match at me while I was taking a dump!