Sam: (announcer voice) This episode of Jake and Amir—who are you?

Jake: Who are you?



[Jake is carrying a mug into the kitchen when Amir walks into him with an oxygen mask and hood on, startling Jake.]

Amir: We're dead.

Jake: Okay...

Amir: (taking off hood and mask) I don't think you heard me; I said... We're goners.

Jake: Actually, you said we were dead.

Amir: So you did hear me...

Jake: You're the one who said I didn't.

Amir: Right.. OH, what does it matter? I've got swim flu...

Jake: Swine flu.

Amir: Wine flu...

Jake: I was right with swine flu.

Amir: Sure.

Jake: Why do you think you have it?

Amir: I may or may not have open-mouth French kissed a pig snout while he sneezed into my mouth.

Jake: Okay, so you might actually have it.

Amir: Yeah.

Jake: I guess, why did you that?

Amir: I don't know, I was just—I guess I was watching the news and falling asleep, and they're like Salads are good for you! or This is bad for you! and This is salads are good—I don't know, I guess I mixed it up because I haven't had a salad since and [Jake: (listening) Okay.]—WHAT DOES IT MATTER, I'm gonna die!

Jake: Yeah, you might die. [Amir sighs.] And where did you get a pig?

Amir: Leron has one.

Jake: Your cousin had a pig?

Amir: Well, no... He—I don't know, I don't think so...

Jake: You just said he did.

Amir: Yeah... ugh.

Jake: Okay, tell me exactly what happened.

Amir: All right, I was sitting down, eating a sandwich...

Jake: Don't lie to me about anything.

Amir: OKAY, I was standing up, eating a sleeve of wafer cones, Mom.

Jake: So you lied to me about standing?

Amir: Sure. And then, I don't know, I fell asleep, and then I woke up, and somewhere in the middle I guess I fucked a pig.

Jake: You fucked a pig, or you made out with a pig?

Amir: I know, I'm just thinking worst-case scenario here.

Jake: The worst-case scenario: You're already dead.

Amir: Oh.. my god. So, well, we're hanging out, so this might be Heaven.

Jake: Ooh, or Hell.

Amir: Okay, quick little test: If we are dead [Jake: (responding) A test...], then, I can't KILL MYSELF right now! [Amir grabs knife to wrists.]

Jake: OH MY G—

THE END

EPISODE LINK