TALENT SHOW

INTRO

JAKE: You're watching—

AMIR: Hurry up, okay?  I'm bored!

JAKE: You're slowing us down.

AMIR: That's true.



AMIR: (Hanging up Talent Show sign and quietly singing to himself in an office) ...like, we like to party, we like the party...

(Jake walks in)

AMIR: Oh!  Here for the talent show?

JAKE: You know I'm not here for the talent show, Man.

AMIR: Well, then ya can just beat it, 'cause everyone here (brief pause) got talent.

(Zooms out to reveal an empty office)

JAKE: Nobody showed up, okay?  Be at peace with that.

AMIR: I dunno where I went wrong, Man.

JAKE: If you're venting, I will stop and let ya vent—

AMIR: It's just, like, one of those things where, like, nobody's specifically to blame.

JAKE: N-no, you're specifically to blame, just because the fliers that you put up where um at best blatantly racist and at worst...illegal.

AMIR: Yeah, well, got people talking, didn't it?

JAKE: Mostly about how appalled they were.  I mean, you wrote a 'w' on each one of your butt cheeks, bent over, and took an incredibly high res photo of your anus so it spelled "wow". 

AMIR: Correctly. 

JAKE: Not impressive.

AMIR: But provocative, like Nike's Write The Future campaign which got people into soccer.

JAKE: Why did you build the entire thing as The World's First Non-Filipino Talent Show?

AMIR: What?

JAKE: Did you not hear me or are you actually confused?

AMIR: (Shrugs shoulders) Both I guess.

JAKE: In every e-mail you sent out, every tweet ya tweeted, every Facebook message that you bombarded everyone in the office with, you said "The World's First (Amir joins in) Non-Filipino Talent Show.

AMIR: Right...

JAKE: So you remember?

AMIR: Yeah, just to keep the Filipinos at bay.

JAKE: Why?  There's only one Filipino guy in our entire office.  Why would you call him out like that?  By the way, he's a really great juggler.

AMIR: He's alright, yeah he auditioned, he was just like, I dunno, a lot of it was stuff I've seen before; three ball, four ball, five ball...

JAKE: What were you gonna do?

AMIR: Great question!  Daily show type theatrics only a little bit eh right of center, a lot of smoke and mirrors and political potty humor stuff, with a pop culture slant geared toward skewering the left.

JAKE: That makes no sense.

AMIR: I was gonna swallow a kielbasa and puke all over the front row, like frickin' Gallagher or something.

JAKE: Alright, I used to think you were like misunderstood, but deep down a good guy—

AMIR: Thank-you.

JAKE: Y'know, well let me finish—

AMIR: I appreciate that.

JAKE: I appreciate that you appreciate it,

AMIR: Yeah...

JAKE: but I'm not done talking.

AMIR: I just-I really needed to hear that positive stuff because—

JAKE:   Okay, well, Ii just want you to know that I'm not trying to comfort you and I might actually insult you by the time I'm done talking.

AMIR: This talent show

JAKE: You... 

AMIR: just didn't go well
JAKE: I don't think—

AMIR: and like—

JAKE: You are not good!

(Amir looks disappointed)

JAKE: Okay?  

AMIR: Okay.

JAKE: Okay, I'm-hey, no, look you're... Amir, you're not good, you're great, alright?  And I am here for the talent show.

(Amir smiles)

JAKE: Me and Ryan!  Ryan, get in here! 

(Filipino Ryan walks in)

(Amir looks in disbelief)

JAKE: Look at this, this kid can juggle, boy outtie!  (Laughs)

AMIR: (Laughs weakly) Get the fuck outta here, Lying Rying!  Okay?!  

JAKE: Okay, okay—

AMIR: You know what this means?!  It means NOT welcome!  (Holds up flier with his anus on it)

JAKE AND RYAN: Ahhh!  Oh wow!

THE END

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9QuIfOhNZVo