INTRO

JAKE: Happy Thanksgiving from Jake and Amir!

AMIR: N-n-no don't say my name; it's only from you!

JAKE: Come on...



(Jake walks into an office where Amir has set up his Thanksgiving feast)

JAKE: ...Ah...

AMIR: Ta daaaa!

(Jake nods unsure of what to say)

AMIR: Uh...okay, so before you freak out, I-I just remembered that you said you had no place to go for Thanksgiving, so I figured, "what the heck?  Let's have Thanksgiving in the office", huh?  Just us  two.

JAKE: I don't know what to say, Man...I never said I wasn't going home for Thanksgiving.

AMIR: I know, I know, I know, I know!  It's not (air quotes) "Thanksgiving" yet and it's not even dinner time!  

JAKE: I am going home for Thanksgiving, for the whole weekend; my train leaves in like, two hours.

AMIR: So whadayou say, huh?  We could eat, bicker like a real family, what hell, I'll even say grace!  (Joins hands together to pray)

JAKE: (Checks turkey)  Yeah, turkey's not even cooked a little.

AMIR: But, it's not uncooked.

JAKE: It is.

AMIR: What do you mean?

JAKE: It's uncooked.

AMIR: How?

JAKE: It's still in the wrapping.

AMIR: Oh it's...yeah.

JAKE: I mean you have to bake it.  

AMIR: (Single clap)  That's what I'm talkin' about!  Let's cook this bird!  (Picks up turkey)

JAKE: Ouu wow, dripping a little bit.

AMIR: Yeah, it's blood.

JAKE: Hey...do you have anywhere to go?

AMIR: Yeah, the 9th floor; there's microwave up there.  Let's nuke this spruce goose!  (Chuckles)

JAKE: No,  I mean, like, for Thanksgiving.  Do you have somewhere to go?

AMIR: What are you talking about,  Man?  Come on, get outta the way.

JAKE: No, be real with me for a second, okay?  Do you have somewhere to go for Thanksgiving?

AMIR: Umm... (Swallows and looks at the turkey)  No, no, no, not this year.

JAKE:  Alright, Dude, I'll tell you what.

AMIR: What?

JAKE: God, I can't believe I'm about to do this.

(Amir smiles)

(Jake quickly turns around and runs out of the office)

AMIR: What are you doing?!  (Runs to the door)

JAKE: (Locks door)  (Talking to Amir though the glass door)  I'm sorry I have to lock in this room for the next five days.

AMIR: What?!  Why?!

JAKE: I don't trust you not to show up at my family's Thanksgiving; you've done it every year for the past four years.

AMIR: I really thought you were about to invite me.

JAKE: I considered it, then I thought better of it.  Okay, look, the good news is that you have enough food here to last you through the weekend.

AMIR: What?!  No I-no I don't okay, it's all bad, it's all bad except for the yams.

JAKE: Eat the yams.

AMIR: No, I don't wanna eat the yams; I don't like yams!

JAKE: Look, eat the yams, alright?  I'll be back in five days.

AMIR: (Whining) I don't wanna eat the yams!  I don't like the yams!  (Jake and Amir fist pound through the glass and Jake leaves)  I don't like yams, Jake!   I wanna come over!  Now I have to eat the yams!  Now, I gotta eat 'em!  The yams!  Of all things to eat, I'm stuck with yams!



OUTRO

AMIR: (Leaning head against glass door)  I hate yams.

THE END

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60zq1y-TCFI