INTRO

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir.

AMIR: No big deal.

JAKE: It's not.

AMIR: Then I was right.



(Jake is standing next to Hudson River, taking picture with phone. Amir approaches.)

AMIR: Can't photograph this moment. This is the kind of moment you just have to be in.

JAKE: You know what? You're right. (puts away phone)

(pause)

AMIR: We get so concerned about finding the right picture, the right frame that (pause) we don't get the right memory.

JAKE: Okay.

(pause)

AMIR: 'Cause a moment is just that. It's a moment and then it's a second and as soon as you identify it it's over. So... 'Cause you can look at the sun (simultaneously) and you can say-

JAKE: (simultaneously) This is really nice.

AMIR: What?

JAKE: I'm saying it's really nice.

AMIR: I know and I'm just saying not to take today for granted. 

JAKE: I won't.

AMIR: 'Cause if you do (simultaneously) then it's just gonna slip awa- okay.

JAKE: (simultaneously) Well I said I wan't going to. I'm not going to so don't tell me what the repercussions are 'cause they don't matter.

AMIR: I'm just saying that if you do-

JAKE: I don't need to know the repercussions. 

AMIR: Okay, but if you do, if you take today for granted, then you shouldn't, because it's just gonna slip away.

JAKE: Fine. Fine. Alright, why did you insist on telling me? You know, you ever think about this? Maybe you're ruining the moment by talking through it.

AMIR: I don't care.

JAKE: Alright. (walks away)

AMIR: (follows jake) Another thing about the sun is that you can't stare at it 'cause it's too beautiful to take in.

JAKE: It's too bright.

AMIR: Nah, it's too much beauty for your eyes all at once.

JAKE: It's too bright. Okay, let's just enjoy this moment in silence.

AMIR: That's what I said. 

JAKE: I know, I was agreeing with you.

AMIR: Okay. Just don't steal it from me.

JAKE: I'm not stealing it. (simultaneously) Agreed. I said that I agreed.

AMIR: (simultaneously) You're stealing it 'cause I said it and now you're saying- Just give me your phone.

JAKE: No. Alright?

AMIR: Give me your phone!

JAKE: Why do you want to see my phone?

AMIR: Because I wanna take a twit-pic of this.

JAKE: Okay, well you came over here and you told me that taking pictures was bad, to stay in the moment.

AMIR: That's 'cause I didn't see how cool it looked and now that I see how awesome it is I really want it on my Facebook wall. Okay, I really wanna take a picture (simultaneously) then post it online, otherwise it doesn't exist. No, gimme! (grabbing phone) Gimme your phone!

JAKE: (simultaneously) Well use your own phone, okay, you followed me here, you followed- (Amir grabs at phone) I- I- Get off me! Ow, ow, ow, Amir, listen- Fine, take it! God, what are you- (Amir throws phone into river)

AMIR: Okay? Are you happy? Disconnect, bitch! Sign off. Get away from the grid. It's over. You are so mad because- Oh my- I'm taking a picture of that. I am (taking selfie) taking a picture, me and the grump. (laughs) Tweeting it, hashtag douche doesn't know how to disconnect. (Jake leaves) Whatsoeva. Where are you? (following Jake) Another thing about the sun...

THE END

EPISODE LINK