INTRO Amir - Jake and Amir's Get Together Project.  



JAKE: What's happening? 

AMIR: What's hap--What isn't happening, man? Look at this. This is not good. People are not getting together enough, all right? We all need to reconnect!

JAKE: No, like why did you have that map made?

AMIR: OK, right, just focus. So--

JAKE: I specifically told you not to have anybody make a map. I said it would be too expensive.

AMIR: You think this is too expensive? What do you think about those twelve bean bags, huh, man? You think those were cheap?

JAKE: And those fourteen water coolers I passed in the kitchen?

AMIR: Eighteen.

JAKE: Those were also yours?

AMIR: Yeah, it's to encourage discourse, communication, right? Let's say I go to your desk area, right, and I want to borrow a fricking stapler or whatever.

JAKE: Stop saying fricking. 

AMIR: Anyway, I go to your desk area and suddenly we're having a water cooler moment, right? So check this out. Hey, what's up dude? Whoa, I love your shirt.

JAKE: Thank you. 

AMIR: It is amazing. 

JAKE: That's enough.

AMIR: It's incredibly soft, but not in a too soft way where it's like effeminate, but it's just super, super nice.

JAKE: Yeah, that's good.

AMIR: See? We had a moment. Me, you, your awesome shirt.

JAKE: OK, enough about the shirt! But I do like what you're doing here.  

AMIR: You do? 

JAKE: Yeah, you're making an effort, right? That's what it's all about. 

AMIR: Exactly! OK, you're going to love this next idea. Every hour, at like eighty past--

JAKE: Not a time. 

AMIR: Well, hear me out, a soothsayer is going to appear right over there--

JAKE: Wow. A soothsayer, right over there?

AMIR: Yes, so he's just going to come up clouded in smoke and we're all just going to emerge next to him, chanting, being all sort of- our psyches mingling.

JAKE: That's going to happen every hour?

AMIR: Yeah. At eighty past the hour, of course.

JAKE: That sounds like that might be a little too much. 

AMIR: Are you sure? I mean, I already booked him, he's pretty cool.   

JAKE: Yeah, I think we're good. 

AMIR: He's going to hate this. 

(cuts to Amir and Jake on the bean bags surrounded by others)

AMIR: See? Pretty good, right? 

JAKE: Not too bad man, not at all. You know what? I'm going to tell you where I bought this shirt. 

AMIR: Wow. I am... honestly so happy I could cry.

JAKE: OK, don't do that. 

AMIR: Oh! By the way, you owe me like thirty-six hundred for the soothsayer. (chuckles)
 He insisted on money down right away and that's on you, man. 



OUTRO Amir - People, let's get closer!

Jake - Join our get together project at facebook.com/bacardi.

Amir - Please, please, please like us on Facebook.

Jake - OK, let's do one where he doesn't sound so desperate. 

Amir - I'm not desperate, I'm just begging, please. 

THE END. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWRvgIHIm1Y