Jake: You're watching Jake and Amir

Amir: That's what she said!

Jake: No, she didn't

Amir: I know you are but what am I?

(Jake and amir are in the bathroom, Jake is holding a toothbrush)

Jake: First thing first I'm teaching you how to brush you teeth, right? So put pants on.

(Camera shows shot of Amir's pixelated grey penis)

Amir: Oh my god, like you've never seen a penis before!

Jake: Not one that...

Amir: Big!

Jake: Grey, is what I was going to say. Alright, the key to brushing your teeth efficiently is...

Amir: I know, once a week mother!

Jake: Circular motion. Okay, stop acting like you know what I'm going to say.

Amir: Sorry, mother

Jake: You want to get just a little bit of tooth paste on the brush like this.. Stop peeing! Stop Peeing!

Amir: It says use a pee sized amount, okay. I was just comparing.

Jake: It's getting on my legs!

Amir: Oh, you've never felt pee before

Jake: No, not on my legs.. Stop peeing! Okay, you want to start with your bottom teeth like this.

Amir: Call me Bleeding Gums Murphy, cause I'm Black!

Jake: Jesus, what is that?

Amir: Chocolate, oil and figs!

Jake: Look at you, you're just brushing your gums, how are your teeth not insanely yellow.

Amir: I white strip for 10 hours a day!

Jake: Seriously? (Touches Amir's Teeth) Oh my God, they're so soft

Amir: Yeah!

Jake: They felt like white beans

Amir: Yeah!

Jake: They're softer than cooked rice

Amir: Yeah!

(Both are now holding dental floss)

Jake: Alright, you want to get the floss real nice and tight like this, and then slide it.

Amir: Ahhhh, it pricked me, little bitch

Jake: I'm serious man you've got to stop white stripping

Amir: Yeah!

Jake: You're teeth feel like velvet

Amir: Yeah!

Jake: Like little rectangles of flannel or something

Amir: Yeah!

Jake: A mouth full of packing pieces

Amir: Yeah!

Jake: They're loose too, I feel like I could just flick one out, no problem

Amir: Oh definitely. Let me feel your teeth Hot shot, let me feel how hard they are (Taps Jake's teeth with a toothbrush) too hard, way too hard, you got to have a little give!

Jake: No, they don't

Amir: You wan to feel a healthy tooth, feel mine

Jake: I just did, did you forget about how this conversation originated

Amir: My teeth are a thousand times softer than yours!

Jake: Exactly!

Amir: Exactly

(Amir, is flossing with a lot of blood in his mouth)

Jake: Slide it through the tooth gently

Amir: Oh crapsicles son of a bitch pricked me again

(Now amir is brushing)

Jake: You should be brushing your teeth for a full two minutes, three times a day

Amir: Okay, I don't have an hour to waste on this bullshit!

Jake: Why do you think it's an hour?

Amir: Thirty times four

(Amir is now flossing, with considerable amounts of blood)

Jake: Alright blood is good, it means your gums are getting healthy

Amir: Ow, little bitch pricked me again!

Jake: No, you're controlling the floss, so you're being a little bitch pricking yourself

Amir: Ahh, she is a demon bitch, but she is good

(Amir is now brushing his hair with a toothbrush)

Jake: I'm not saying it doesn't work, but I'm just saying you shouldn't do it.

Amir: Oh! (Brushes his teeth with the same toothbrush) Ew, salty

Jake: shouldn't be

(Amir is again flossing, his mouth and chin covered in blood)

Amir: AH, Let me show you this floss, let me do it on you!

Jake: No, that's okay

Amir: She is pricking me like there's no tomorrow, let me get a new length of rope!

Jake: The floss? You didn't get a bad string, you're going too hard on your gums

Amir: Oh! Little bitch pricked me a third and final time

Jake: Okay, want to take a little break?

Amir: How about I got the bitch? How about I got the bitch back!

(Amir starts to faint)

Jake: Oh hey, you awake (Catches him)

Amir: I'm awake, I'm awake.