INTRO Amir: Ho ho ho Merry.. gs.. mas.. It's Jake an- I don't get this 

Jake - (singing to himself) Accept the poke, that's it. Then poke me bac-

Amir - Huuh. Toy drive ha ha, makes me feel good about myself. Makes me feel like a.. AAH!.. hero.

Jake: I actually had a toy that I wanted to donate.

Amir: Ah, give it here

(Jake tosses toy to Amir)

Amir, This is a loosey, not in a box, but they'll still give it away at most drop centers

Jake: Awesome man thanks. You know where it is right, it's on like uh-

Amir: Yeah, I was just there. Actually, quick smile for me, I want to take a picture of you. 

(Amir takes photo of Jake)

Jake: Wait, you were just there? Then why do you have a bag full of toys?

Ami: (looking at his phone) This is a good one ha ha, permission to tweet.

Jake: Permission not granted.

Amir: Give me your twitter handle i'll @ you.

Jake: How do you have a bag full of toys if you just came from the drop centre!?

Amir: I went to a toy drive and i got toys! What.. what don't you get? Sick children do it all the time. Ok. Best part of all is that I'm not sick so I do it guilt free.

Jake: Can I have my toy back?

Amir: ..Yes (shows book) I think.. is this yours?

Jake: This is clearly not what I gave you.

Amir: Yeah! It felt good, going down there, it made me fell better about myself.

Jake: Because you got toys.

Amir: No, Because I made a difference (sarcasm) YES because I got toys.

Jake: What about those sick kids who now don't get a toy on Christmas because you took theirs. 

Amir: I stole their smile. Listen dude, I can't give toy's to everybody OK! If i could I'd consider it, but I'm not Santa Claus

Jake: So if you could give toys to everyone you would only consider it?

Amir: Yeah! I'd consider it, cos I'm considerate, now consider this.. you're dismissed.. ya prissy boss

Jake: Biss?-

Amir: (playing with two toys) Pff pff don't send me back to the orphanage Agrrrh Suck my diss pff off

Jake: Alright, here's what were going to do, me and you, were going  down to the donation centre, together, and we'll give away the toys as a group because that's what the holidays are all ab--

(Amir throws toy at Jake)

Amir: NO! This are my toys! Steal your own! MINE!

THE END

http://www.collegehumor.com/video/6373210/jake-and-amir-toy-drive