Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir. 
Amir: And we're watching you. 
Jake: No we're not. 

(In a car in heavy traffic)
Amir: (singing) Nevermind, I'll find someone like you. I wish nothing but the best for you too. Don't-- (Jake turns on radio and quickly turns it off) 
I have a headache. 
Jake: You were just singing. 
Amir: I can sing, I just, it hurts me to hear other people sing. It's like how you can make fun of my mom, but I can't. 
Jake: That's not how that works. 
Amir: It's 'cause I'm too close to her, but you have a lot of material to work with--she's dumb and short. (pause) We shoulda never taken the freeway, man. Zgh (half sneeze-cough noise) freeway this time of day, zgh, forget about it. Killer. 
Jake: Such a bad laugh. It's like you're not breathing. 
Amir: Tzgh.
Jake: No, let it out. 
Amir: Tzgh.
Jake: Stop it, it makes me, like, anxious. 
Amir: Tzgh.
Jake: What' funny right now to you? 
Amir: Jgh. 
Jake: You're like a choking animal. 
Amir: I'm trying out a new laugh. 
Jake: Don't. 
Amir: Get off here. 
Jake: Where?
Amir: Just get off here. My GPS says there's like back roads we can take to the freeway. 
Jake: What GPS? 
Amir: I don't have it on me, it was from--just get off and I'll use my frickin' spidey sense, okay? I'm really good at navigating city streets. 
Jake: We have to get to the airport. We have to make our flight. This is the only way we can go. 
(Amir farts) Amir: Jerk. 
Jake: Don't say jerk as you fart like that. Roll down your window. 
Amir: Let's just clambake it. Are you really a girl? (pause) What is the meaning of this madness? I know. My phone does say gridlock traffic for the next three miles, though. 
Jake: Your phone has been dead for three days. 
Amir: Oh, is that how long we've been stuck in this gridlock? (Amir laughs, honks horn in frustration that Jake doesn't) LAUGH! 
Jake: Why would you do that? 
Amir: Lemme just look at your phone. Nngh (same noise as before). (Into phone) Hello, 411? Yeah, Amir here. Amir Hurwitz. Why the traffic? 
Jake: It doesn't matter why there's traffic. We have to stay on this road no matter what. 
Amir: She says hold on, but it's gridlock. 
Jake: Gimme my phone. 
Amir: How bout I drop it?
Jake: How bout you don't.
Amir: What's the magic word?
Jake: Please don't.
Amir: Be my slave for a month. 
Jake: Fine. 
Amir: Fine what? 
Jake: Fine, I'll be your slave for a month. 
(Amir throws phone out the window)
Amir: Let's just do you're my slave for two weeks, okay? 
Jake: No. 
Amir: For two measly weeks you won't even be my slave? Oh my God, I thought you were a bitch, but I didn't think you were a bitch extraordinary! 
Jake: Okay, I'm not even pissed, alright? You just owe me five hundre--Oh my God. (Amir just out of car window to retrieve phone)
Amir: (on the windshield) Guess what, man? You're my slave now. (drops the phone) Oh no! For two weeks. For two weeks! 
Jake: Hey! Get in the car.