Intro

JAKE: You're watching Jake and, wow, your nose is bleeding a lot.

AMIR: OH, barely...

[titles]

AMIR: Hey bud, good news, bad news. Which one you want first?

JAKE: No news.

AMIR: Well no news is good news so we'll start with the bad. My dad is pissed at us, and this time, it is earned.

JAKE: What?

AMIR: OK, but the good news is he doesn't have a reason to be as pissed as he is.

JAKE: You said it was earned.

AMIR: He's steaming like hot shit on a plate of ice, but the good news is-

JAKE: You just said the good news.

AMIR: The good news is he don't matter, cause we don't care.

JAKE: I care.

AMIR: You should, because he's mostly pissed at you.

JAKE: I didn't do anything.

AMIR: Well, you were kind of a bitch to his mom in that letter you wrote that I wrote for you.

JAKE: I didn't write a letter!

AMIR: Tell that to my dad.

JAKE: I want to.

AMIR: I wouldn't, not right now atleast, he probably wouldn't even talk to you, because he's sorta paying out of pocket for that whole giraffe rental thing.

JAKE: I didn't rent a giraffe.

AMIR: Tell that to my dad, man.

JAKE: I wanna tell him everything!

AMIR: Sorry, but you gotta take a hit on that, ok?

JAKE: It sounds like i'm taking a hit on everything.

AMIR: Untrue! ok i'm taking a hit on the duck thing, the high school track fiasco thing, and the second duck thing.

JAKE: Take a hit on all the things!

AMIR: No way, because the orphanage thing, that wasn't even my idea.

JAKE: It wasn't mine!

AMIR: Well, it kinda stemmed from the first duck thing which, correct if i'm wrong you said you'd take the hit on.

JAKE: No, you are wrong, you said you were gonna take the hit on it.

AMIR: No, I said the second duck thing.

JAKE: You said both. You said the first duck thing, the high school track thing and the second duck thing.

AMIR: Listen man, we're in this together right now ok, our lives are like we're intertwined.

JAKE: Why am I getting a phone call?

AMIR: Is that from Venezuela?

JAKE: I don't think so, it's a local number.

AMIR: Yeah that's Venezuela. laughs He's a transvestite bouncer at bar we, let's just say we burned it down last night.

JAKE: What did we actually do?

AMIR: We burned it down last night.

JAKE: Awesome alright stop talking to me because I don't want to be implicated any more than I already am

CHICKEN MAN: speaks question in asian language holding a roast duck
AMIR: Ohhh, right.

JAKE: Lemme guess, the duck thing.

AMIR: Very wrong, the second duck thing.

JAKE: So not very wrong.

CHICKEN MAN: yelling at Jake in asian language for rest of video

JAKE: I- what 

AMIR: OH woah woah woah ok-

JAKE: You're mad at him! You're mad at him, not me! Hey I didn't do anything!

AMIR: It's fine it's fine it's fine!

[END]