INTRO Amir - Hey, you are watching a web show.

Jake - Which web show? 

Amir - None of their business. 



(Amir is typing on a typewriter, it dings) 

AMIR: Check your e-mail.

JAKE: You're on a typewriter.

AMIR: Check it again then.

JAKE: I didn't check it the first time. 

AMIR: Huh, my e-mail always gets sent after just one line.

JAKE: Oh.

AMIR: Any ideas on how to fix that?

JAKE: You think the ding is like a sending noise. 

AMIR: Don't I know it. Pay to play.

JAKE: That's not plugged into anything, so how is it going to send an e-mail? 

AMIR: So laptops aren't plugged into anything, and they send e-mails quite fine.

JAKE: That's not a good argument.

AMIR: Oh my god, everyone, your laptops aren't plugged into anything, I hope wireless routers exist and can send packets of information over the airwaves using I-triple E 802.11 technology standards.  Or is that impopsicle?   

JAKE: Impopsicle?

AMIR: Impopsicle. It's frozen. How stupid you are.

JAKE: You're an idiot.

AMIR: You're an asshole! You're mean to me!  Check your e-mail! 

JAKE: I didn't get an e-mail from you, OK? Why don't you just tell me what it said? 

AMIR: If you have to ask . . . then you don't know. 

JAKE: That's how that works. Yeah, I ask because I don't know.

AMIR: It's just this e-mail, congratulating you for being you. So. 

JAKE: All right. 

AMIR: Now I wish I never sent it. 

JAKE: You didn't ever send it. 

AMIR: Well now I feel like a stupid because the e-mail is in the aether and it just never arrived to you. 

JAKE: It's not in an aether, never made it to the aether, all right? 

AMIR: And now maybe because this stupid fight, you're not going to send me an e-mail congratulating me for being such an awesome person. But maybe I'm just overanalyzing it and you might.

JAKE: Nope! You're not overanalyzing it. I'm not going to send you an e-mail.

AMIR: Is it because you're going to feel like a dill-weed because I called you out on it and you wanted that e-mail to surprise me? Because I can tell you that I can act surprised.  In fact, the fact that I'm doubting you will make me actually surprised.  It's kind of ironic, right? Kind of one of life's little beautiful moments.  Don't you love life like that? These little moments that are sort of indescribable except for the two people that are experiencing it at the same --

JAKE: OK, I just sent you an e-mail. 

AMIR: Oh.  I don't even know how to check it on this gay thing though. 

THE END.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fw6hR8sEwAo