Intro: 
Patrick: Hey this is pat and you're watching Jake and Amir

Amir: nope, you ruined it.

Patrick: No you ruined it.

[starts, Amir and Mike at their desks.]

Amir: Hey Mike, can I talk to you about something?

Mike: Yes, of course.

Amir: Sarahs trying to start a rumor that you're gay...

Mike: [nods] Okay?

Amir: Yeah! I didn't know what that meant either. I guess gay has an alternate definition where like even though you're not a woman, right?

Mike: Right.

Amir: Right, so even though you're not a woman you still want to have sex with me?

Mike: yeah, that's right.

Amir: alright, so now I am confused. You are a woman?

Mike: Amir, why do you think i've been hanging out with you all week?

Amir: to be my friend?

Mike: I'm trying to get laid! 

Amir: what?

Mike: are you really this stupid? Why would i want to be friends with somebody as dumb as you?

Amir: i thought we were partners..

Mike: I thought so too amir, we went to the movies.

Amir: Yeah?

Mike: for like five nights in a row!

Amir: So?

Mike: we french kissed!

Amir: [high pitched] is that what that was?

Mike: Oh my god. I did it again..I did it again!

Amir: So we're not best friends.

Mike: listen to me carefully, i never want to see your dumb ass, face slang hurling wanna be chill dude, cock tease!

Amir: Shhhh!

Mike: in my face again.

Amir: okay..relax.

Mike:And your free styles suck.

Amir: [snorts]

Mike: They don't rhyme!

Amir: [shrugs] so?

Mike: Bye.

Amir: well..im not going to leave..

Mike: Micheal, you have to move again [picks up plant from desk] how does this keep  happening. It's like portland all over again. I've had to move nine times this month, austin, miami, fresno, barcelona, its all the got damn same.

[In Jakes office he corners amanda in the kitchen]

Jake: hey so I've been thinking about what you said, about who's obsessed with who. And I may have stumbled across something interesting, believe it or not.

Amanda: Really?

Jake: Yes, amanda panda Somewhere in you incoherant ramblings, you got me thinking. Maybe i'm having a hard time letting amir go. Not the other way around.

Amanda: well..maybe i can help you with that. [leans in to kiss jake]

[jake holds up phone and amanda kisses it]

Jake: this is him! He's calling me right now, he hasn't called me since I moved.

Amanda: Okay. If you answer that I wont be here when you hang up.

Jake: that's fine ill come find you after.

Amanda: no, jacob  you have to chose. It's either him, or me.

~end~