INTRO: Jake - You're watching Jake and Amir.

Amir - Sweet goatee.

Jake - Shut up. Why do you not like it?

Amir - It's stupid. 



(Amir and Sam are across from Pat in a conference room)

AMIR: So obviously Jake is sick today. 

PAT: I didn't know that.

SAM: Well, he is. 

AMIR: Anyway, I've been looking for an understudy, or whatever. Someone to like, fill in his shoes when he can't make it to work.  

SAM: And we think you might have with it takes. 

AMIR: Heh, one second Pat. (to Sam whispering) Cut me off again, and I will ban you from this project. 

SAM: (whispers) I understand, sir. I'm sorry, sir. 

AMIR: Anyways, you guys both have scripts so why don't we just get this party started and don't perform into the camera. 

(Sam takes some quick, heavy breathes)

SAM: Jake.

PAT: (reading from script) Will you just let me work, please? You are insufferable! (to Amir) Wow, this is actually really self aware, Amir.  I'm kind of proud of you. 

AMIR: NEXT!

(blackout)

SAM: Dinner tonight?

STREETER: (reading script) Have I ever said yes to that? It's almost impressive, and not in a good way, how persistent you are. 

SAM: Ah thank you.

STREETER: (still reading) Not a compliment.

SAM: Yes, it was.

AMIR: All right, thank you, Streeter. Are you willing to shave your beard for this?

STREETER: I don't even know what this is. 

AMIR (to Sam): Write down definitely.

SAM: Definitely. 

STREETER: I can hear you. 

(blackout)

SAM: Who that crazy boy, living in a crazy void.

DAN (looking at Sam): ...I don't know what you're saying. 

AMIR: Just read the script. 

DAN (reads from script): I don't know what you're saying. 

AMIR: That was actually really good.

SAM: Agreed. 

AMIR: Don't talk out of character.

SAM: Sorrow. 

(blackout)

AMIR: (sighs) I'm sorry, I'm just not feeling it.

JEFF (holding a sandwich): Not feeling what? And why are you in the lunch room? 

AMIR: NECK!

JEFF: Why do you keep saying neck? 

(blackout)

AMIR: This is terrible. Not one actor among these fools. 

SAM (dramatically and awesomely): In Troy, there lies the scene. 

From isles of Greece

The princes orgulous, their high blood chafed,

Have to the port of Athens sent their ships,

Fraught with the ministers and instruments

Of cruel war: sixty and nine, that wore

Their crownets regal, from the Athenian bay

Put forth toward Phrygia; and their vow is made

To ransack Troy.

(Beat)

(Amir begins laughing loudly, Sam joins) 

AMIR (while laughing): Could you imagine you as my friend, even for like a day?

(Their laughing turns to crying)

THE END. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KtYCuqNVpV8