Amir: Brews tonight?
Jake: nah I can't
Amir: tomorrow then or something
Jake:nope
Amir: alright well lets just do something tonight lets go for a walk or something i just gotta get some stuff off my chest
Jake:uh sorry, can't
Amir: pshhh i mean I'm trying to tell you i have to tell you something
Jake:tell me now, we don't have to do anything tonight
Amir: just what are you doing after work, whats the big deal? I don't wanna tell you now...
Jake:I'm going on vacation for a week.
Amir: what?
Jake:I'm going to Nantucket for a week with my family
Amir: pchh. you tell me the day you leave?
Jake:See your'e always, your always very strange about stuff like this when I go away
Amir: Yeah real strange, sorry i get strange when my best friend is leaving for a week and he didn't even tell me.
Jake:Friend. your friend is leaving for a week.
Amir: You think were friends
Jake:Uhhh I.. yes
Amir: I actually might be able to come on Saturday...
Jake:no. you cant. do that.
Amir: wow. flights are ridiculously expensive...
Amir: this is why, this is why you should have said something earlier
Jake:C'mon don't do this. just stop
Amir: actually, is the train station close to your house.
Jake:Nantucket is an island...
Amir: alright so I'm looking at the wrong city, can you just come over here, i'm obviously having problems figuring it out, just help me out.
Jake:just stop doing it then, you're not going to come, so... you don't need to... you don't need to look it up
Amir: are you sure, are you sure your parents are alright... with it?
Jake:no, I'm sure they're not alright with it, i didn't even ask them...
Amir: OK
Jake: k...
Amir: there's a bus that actually leaves Friday afternoon and i   would get there late late late Friday night.
Jake:OK just stop looking it up, stop all that, your'e not coming, its only a week.
Amir: its forever and a day
Jake:6 days and a day.
Amir: 6 days and a day and then 7 nights.
Jake:we dont ever hang out during the night so its not any     different than it is now.
Amir: your'e right, we should hang out at night
Jake:I'm not saying that
Jake:alright look i have to go, ill write you a post card
Amir: every day
ill write you one
Amir: write me one every day
Jake:maybe
Amir: promise
Jake:no.
Amir: promise that youll maybe write you one every day
Jake:ok, ill promise that youll maybe write you one every day.
Amir: you mean so much to me.
Amir: so sad.
link