INTRO

JAKE: You're watching Jake and Amir.

AMIR: Oh, you spelled "you're" wrong.

JAKE: Didn't spell it, just said it.

AMIR: Coward!



AMIR: (Holding a heart shaped piece of paper) Okay, what do you think about this for a Valentine's poem?  How Many Words Would It Take by Amir Valarie Blumenfeld.

JAKE: You know you can change your middle name, right?

AMIR: (Reciting poem)  How many words would it take to accurately express what you mean to me?  How can you scientifically quantify how much lighter I become when you enter my day and how heavy I feel when you leave?  How can I describe how my smile just appears magnetically when  I see your face?  (Jake smiles)  How can I possibly count my thoughts of you when I think of you so constantly?  As thoughts within thoughts, within thoughts, within thoughts make it impossible to remember where one began and the other ended.  Time folds into itself as I am already nostalgic for our future and look forward to our past.  For the rest of my life, I love you.  

(There is a short pause as Jake tries to find the words to say)

JAKE: Wow...that was...

AMIR: DUMB, I know!  (Chuckles)

JAKE: No, it was good.  It was really, really good.

AMIR: I texted the first part of it to myself while I was takin' a shit.

JAKE: Dude, it was incredible.

AMIR: And the second part, I was mid-wipe so I just said "fuck it, I'll leave it as a voicemail to myself".  Haha.  Are you crying?

JAKE: (Wiping eyes)  Yeah!  I welled up a little.  Who're you giving that to?

AMIR: I don't know, I just freestyled it off the top of my dick, probably nobody; I'm gonna can it.  (Amir begins to bring the poem down to the garbage)

JAKE: Hey, hey, hey!  N-n-n-no, no Man!

AMIR: What?  You already have a card.

JAKE: No, Dude, I lost it!  It was better than yours and now it's gone!   

AMIR: (Points at the heart shaped piece of paper in Jake's hand) What about that?

JAKE: It's a placeholder.  It's a suckier version of the card I wrote; a dummy version.    

AMIR: Read it.

JAKE: I'll read it to you and if you think it's shwing-worthy then it might just be my actual card.

AMIR: Um...sh—

JAKE: (Clears throat obnoxiously)  (Begins to recite poem)  You are blazing to me.  You are so blazing.  No, you're better than blazing; you're blazin'.  No 'g', just an apostrophe, you don't need a 'g', 'cause I'm your G.  So we drop the 'g'.  (Amir scratches his head)  And tonight, you gonna drop your g-string.  Let me see that crack, Girl.  I bet it ain't whack, Girl.  Love, your not-so-secret-admirerer, J-Witz.  (End of poem)  If you thought it sucked it's only because I can't read for shit.

AMIR: No...Man, it was...good...

JAKE: You say that and you mean it, but you're wrong.  

AMIR: What?

JAKE: What did yours say?

AMIR: What does it matter what mine says?

JAKE: 'Cause I'm gonna amend mine!  A little bit!  Based on some of the words you said.

AMIR: But I wrote—

JAKE: Just say some of it 'cause I can't remember how stupid it was!  

AMIR: I don't—

JAKE: That's all!

AMIR: I don't wanna say any of—

JAKE: It was like, "how can I count the ways by-like how many thoughts within thoughts, within thoughts and then nostalgia for our future and past already" or something like that.  "How can I possibly—

(Cuts to Sarah continuing the poem aloud, in front of Jake)

SARAH: count the ways you are thinking within, thoughts ,within thoughts, I lost count.  That's the point.  I can't count worth shit because I forget how number work when you're around because you are blazin'.  Love, J-Witz.  What is this?  (Laughs)  This is so weird.  

JAKE: (Snatches card away from Sarah)  I knew you were too dumb to appreciate it.  (Walks away but turns around)  Fuck it, kiss me.  (Reaches for Sarah's face)

SARAH:  Geez, no, ah, stop, no!  (Pushes Jake away)

JAKE: Gotcha!  Haha.  



OUTRO:

(Sarah recites Amir's new poem, in front of Amir)

SARAH: Now tonight, you drop your g-string.  Let me see that crack, Girl.  I bet it's not whack, Girl?  Amir, that's so sweet.

(Amir and Sarah Hug and Jake is seen in background once they pull apart) 

THE END

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dj6sNdGfylY