INTRO
AMIR: When I say Jake, you say Amir! Jake -

JAKE: Don't do this.

AMIR: Ass



PAUL: So it's pretty sad that I have to call this meeting at all, but yesterday was the third instance of office vandalism in the last week. It's childish and it's cowardly.

AMIR: Cowardly? (scoffs) Wow.

[Paul glares at Amir]

AMIR: I'm sorry, carry on.

PAUL: I will, I'm leading this meeting.

AMIR: Permission granted.

PAUL: I don't need your permission.

AMIR: You have the floor, and more important, you have my blessing.

PAUL: Y'know I'm almost proud enough to cancel this meeting just so I can show everybody I don't have to listen to you. But I'm also 99% that YOU'RE the vandal and I don't want you to get off scot-free.

AMIR: Yes I see I have put you in a prisoner's dilemma.

PAUL: (yelling) That's not what that means! (takes a deep breath) Anyway about this office coward -

AMIR: I'm sorry, time out, let's change the language, let's rebrand this thing OK? Why call him a coward - it's negative and hateful.

JAKE: So is this coward.

AMIR: Let's call him a brazen vandal.

JAKE: What's brazen about smearing shit on the bathrrom mirror, writing 'Who gives a this'?

AMIR: I'm just saying if we changed the attitude a little bit, maybe this Banksy motherfucker will reveal his identity.

JAKE: Wow, you're comparing the shit-smearing in the bathroom to Banksy?!

AMIR: Ever heard of a street artist?

JAKE: Don't do this

AMIR: He's a street fartist.

JAKE: It's you.

AMIR: It's not! Alright he may not be the hero that this office deserves but he's the hero that this office needs right now. Anyway, as you were. (gestures to Paul to continue)

WILL: Excuse me, sir. I know it's not my place but uhh how about we look at those security tapes?

AMIR: Security tapes?

WILL: That's right.

AMIR: And what? Make him a martyr? Put him on a pedestal so that we have copycat shitters throughout the office? No, absolutely not!

JAKE: You just called him a hero!

AMIR: Don't say his name!

JAKE: I didn't.

PAUL: Enough! Will's right, we'll look at the tapes.

AMIR: OK fine let's look at the tapes but just know that if I'm in it, I'm not doing anything wrong I'm merely trying to UNDO what this heroic vandal coward was doing...(to Paul) The tapes, please.

(Tape plays, showing Will smearing shit on the bathroom mirror, he eats some too)

PAUL: Will! Is that you?!

WILL: (resigned sigh) Uh, yeah.

JAKE: Why?

WILL: (shouting) Now you know the lengths I'll go to to frame you Amir!

JAKE: You're the one that brought up the security tapes!

WILL: Yeah, I was bluffing.

PAUL: Nice poker face, Will. Promoted!

AMIR: No!

PAUL: Quiet, Rod.

AMIR: NOOOOOO!

PAUL: Shut the fuck up Rod!

CH Outtro.



(Security ape continues to play - Will tosses shit up in the air and catches it in his mouth)