INTRO:

AMIR: Jake you're watching Amir- ah, frig.

JAKE: Terrible.

AMIR: Terribly bad maybe.

JAKE: Right.

[Jake and Amir are sitting at their desks. Jake is eating a sandwich. Streeter is masturbating at his desk in the background throughout the video.]

AMIR: Ugh, I don't know how you can eat that garbage.

JAKE: It's a chicken caesar salad wrap.

AMIR: Yeah, do you have any idea how they made that lettuce?

JAKE: On a lettuce farm?

AMIR: In a friggin test tube? In a lab? On the back of human mice?

JAKE: I doubt that.

AMIR: You doubt, that they can grow human ears, on the back of mice? Ehuheh, heh!

JAKE: I said I doubt that they can grow lettuce on the back of human mice.

AMIR: Do you know what a humster is?

JAKE: I have half an hour for lunch every day, man...

AMIR: A hybrid cell line made out of hamster oocytes fertilized with male sperm. Ok, that food you're eating might as well be a cockmeat sandwich.

JAKE: You're an idiot.

AMIR: Better--I'm a vegan.

JAKE: Meaning?

AMIR: Meaning, I don't eat meat, I don't eat wheat, and I don't eat treats, now take a seat.

JAKE: I'm sitting.

AMIR: Sitting on a bed of lies, maybe. Deep-throating a cockmeat sandwich, praying to the only god you have that mommy doesn't find out, well guess what?--

JAKE: Why do you come to work?

AMIR: Here's a riddle for ya. You know right now you can walk into a Japanese grocery store in downtown Tokyo and buy a cube of watermelon. And I'm not talking about like a cubic watermelon, I'm talking about a legit cube of watermelon. Do you have any idea how unnatural that is?

JAKE: You do know that's not a riddle right?

AMIR: No, did you know that right now there's a group of scientists at Monsanto on a lunch break, at a Chipotle for all I care, and when they get back, they're gonna be working on a tomato that's genetically altered to be the size of an apple.

JAKE: Tomatoes are the size of apples.

AMIR: NOT cherry tomatoes! And not pizza.

JAKE: You're not smart, man, alright...

AMIR: Did you know that tomato paste isn't a glue substitute? Like, you can't use it to glue stuff.

JAKE: Yes.

AMIR: Ok, well right now my dad is getting a birthday card that's drenched, unreadable and disgusting.

JAKE: That one just sounds like you had a bad arts and crafts accident, alright. Why did you have to glue his card shut in the first place?

AMIR: Turns out I didn't! Thank you very much, meat eater! Ohhhh!

JAKE: You eat meat! Ok you eat chicken McNuggets constantly--

AMIR: No no no not in a while.

JAKE: You're eating one right now.

AMIR: (taking a nugget out of his mouth) Ok, one. And that was a goof, alright. Plus, you never answered my humster question--you know what it is, or not?

JAKE: Well you told me it was oocytes fert--

AMIR: OO what? OO what?

JAKE: OO--

AMIR: OO you're wrong!

JAKE: ...

AMIR: OO you're wrong!

END.