INTRO

AMIR: (Pirate voice) Yarrr you be watchin' us so walk the flank!

JAKE: Plank.

AMIR: (Pirate voice) Don't embarrass me.



JAKE: (On the phone) (Concerned voice) Oh god...well, should I come home?...Yeah, Just keep me posted.  (Hangs up)

AMIR: Is everything cool?

JAKE: No, Man, my cat's sick.  

AMIR: Jesus...Why the vest?  (Points at Jake's vest)

JAKE: We have to put her to sleep.

AMIR: My god...Why the vest though?

JAKE: It's whatever, it's stupid, I dunno.

AMIR: Yeah, it's stupid.  It's very stupid.

JAKE: Man, I've had that cat since I was twelve.  

AMIR: How long have you had the vest for?  Ha.  Should put the vest to sleep, keep the cat alive.

JAKE: Okay, well, I've had the vest forever, alright?

AMIR: Forever?  There's still tags in it.  

(Jake reaches for the back of his shirt to check for tags)

AMIR: Do you keep the tags in it forever?  

JAKE: No.

AMIR: Is that like a...thing?

JAKE: Stop noticing the vest!

AMIR: I can't not notice the vest, okay?  It's weird that you're wearing a vest.

JAKE: Okay, well, I had nothing else to wear, alright?  How's that for an excuse?  I was doing laundry today.  Laundry day ha...(Moves on to cat) Man, I remember when I first picked up the cat from the cat store...

AMIR: What do you mean "nothing else to wear"?  You're already wearing something else; you're wearing the vest over that.  So it's like you're wearing a shirt jeans, that's a thing.

JAKE: Okay, well, it's a joke.  The vest is a funny joke.

AMIR: On you?  Like is that a joke on yourself—

JAKE: I don't care what I look like!  I don't give a crud what I wear.

AMIR: So why're you-why is that top button unbuttoned?  (Points at button)  That's clearly a choice, right?

JAKE: We're putting my childhood pet to sleep and all you can focus on is my cool vest.

AMIR: I didn't say it was cool.

JAKE: Sorry, stylish.

AMIR: I definitely didn't call it stylish.

JAKE: Okay, well, it doesn't matter 'cause it's comin' off!  (Starts to unbutton vest)

AMIR: Is that a...is that a watch?  (Gestures towards Jake's wrist)

JAKE: (Checks wrist) No, there's no-there's not watch-head on it so it's just like a band.  (Rotates wrist to show Amir)

AMIR: Why...all the effort?  Why're you wearing a leather band?

JAKE: (Sarcasm) Oh my god it's so hard to put a band around your wrist and snap it in.  (Demonstrate)

AMIR: I'm saying, like, goin' to the mall, that's like a lot of effort.  

JAKE: (Sarcasm) Lots of effort to take a quick bus ride over the GW bridge and you thumb it down  to an Abercromie.  What's hard about that?  And guess what, I didn't pay a friggin' dime 'cause I ganked it!  Ah ha.  (Jake gets a phone call) (Suddenly upset) Oh, one second.  (Picks up phone)  Hello?...No, there's nothing you can do.  Why could-how-you already couldn't do anything...I understand. (Puts hand over face)

AMIR: Is the cat gone?

JAKE: No, it was Urban Outfitters.  My custom J-Witz dog tags aren't gonna be ready 'till late this afternoon.

AMIR: Dog tags?

JAKE: (Pulls out a dog tag from under his shirt) Yeah, dog tags, like this one.

AMIR: So you're already wearing one?

JAKE: Yeah, well you need two!  Or was Justin Timberlake at the 2002 Kid's Choice Awards NOT styling?  

(Amir looks confused)

JAKE: (Sarcasm) Oh, yeah,  I bet he wasn't fucking Britney Spears.  (Puts on another dog tag)

AMIR: So you have two?

JAKE: YOU NEED FOUR!  Alright?  Or was Chris Kirkpatrick at the 2008 NOT styling?

THE END

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysX71Wv8GyQ