[Jake and Jeff Rubin are in a videogame competition, holding microphones and talking to the camera.]

JEFF: Hi, and welcome to CollegeHumor Videogames Weekly. This episode is brought to you by Stride gum. I'm your host, Jeff Rubin, and I'm here with Jake Hurwitz, at Major League Gaming, in the Meadowlands, in New Jersey!

JAKE: Yeah, and there's twenty thousand dollars up for grabs, so we're gonna go around, and talk to some gamers, and-- (looks over and sees Amir participating in the competition) --and Amir's here! (trying to hide his exasperation) What.. Amir! (Amir looks back at him.) What are you doing?

AMIR: (shrugs.) I think I'm pwahning.

JAKE: It's pwning.

AMIR: P- Pwning, yeah. Wa'eva. I'm frenchfryboy83! (points at the leaderboard)

JAKE: You're like number two on the leaderboard!

AMIR: Am I?

JEFF: How do you even find time to practice? You'e never mentioned this before.

AMIR: Well I mean, work ends at six, right? And then, we don't start again 'til nine, so that's like twenty hours.

JAKE: It's fifteen hours.

(Amir nods.)

JEFF: And you're still not accounting for sleep.

AMIR:(pointing at Jeff) Alright, Jake, what's nerdburger doing here?

JAKE: Don't call him that.

AMIR: I'm sorry, did I offend you, nerdburger?

JAKE: It's just lame.

AMIR: Nugget!

(Amir turns back around, and opens his mouth, into which Sarah stuffs two chicken nuggets.)

AMIR: (taking what he didn't bite off out of his mouth) Ugh, when I say nugget, I mean three, with ketchup in between every layer.

JAKE: Sarah??

(Sarah is lost for words.)

JAKE: What are you doing?

AMIR: You can't buy friendship like this, boys!

SARAH: He said he would give me all the money that he won, if he wins.

JAKE: (nodding) Okay.

AMIR: Nugget!

SARAH: Three. (Sarah stuffs the requested triple nugget-ketchup sandwich into Amir's mouth, then wipes ketchup from her hand onto Amir's face.)

AMIR: Agh. (with his mouth full) Jake!

JAKE: You have sauce on your face.

AMIR: (with his mouth full) Wa'eva.

END.