[INTRO]

Amir: I'm Amir and this is Jake and he has got some things to say--

Jake: No I don't.

Amir: Okay.



Amanda: Hey, Will...

Will: Yep.

Amanda: Did you go to see Valentine's Day this week?

Will: Yes.

Amanda: So good!

Will: It was amazing.

Amir: SHHH, guys! Right now just don't say anything, okay? I never ask you for anything, so be quiet. Thank you. Sorry.

Will: [whispering] So good.

Amanda: Julia Roberts? Such a fox. Such a fox!

Amir: Would you stop, okay?! You guys are going to blow my spot, okay? I'm trying to do this undercover thing and it's not really working out--

Jake: [on Amir's monitor] Yo, man.

Amir: No, ma'am... to you. What it is, kid? J. Skrill in the house.

Jake: Not much, dude. I'm just super creeped out right now.

Amir: Why? What did that-- what did that creep-o Murph do this time?

Jake: Oh, not much. Just set up this iChat thing to watch me while I work.

Amir: [with feigned disgust] Ahh! Gross!

Jake: Yeah. Only it wasn't Murph. It was you.

Amir: Was it? No. You know what? Can-- you know, me and Murph should just switch desks for permanent and then we can discuss this -- instead of over iChat -- in person. Like two civilized ladies... I do declare.

Jake: K. Look, I'm not trying to be mean, okay, it's just a fact: Switching desks is not going to happen, okay? Get used to it.

Amir: Good! You know what? I'm happy because I am getting used to it. I'm getting used to working with people that like me, okay? God forbid I work with my friends for once, huh? You know, you're just jealous. Aren't you? AREN'T YOU?! AREN'T YOU?!!

Marena: Shut up! Okay?! I mean, we've been trying to ignore you but that's clearly not working. The fact is: Nobody here likes you. We hate you! You groped Amanda. You ripped my shirt. I don't know why or how you still have a job, but please just be quiet and leave us alone. Please.

[entire office clapping]

Amir: [to Jake on the monitor] Hey, um, sorry, uh, you couldn't hear or see that but what happened was I did a backflip and people were so impressed, they applauded me.

Jake: You were covering the lens, not the microphone.

Amir: Was it? Yeah. So, you missed my backflip then?

[Amir setting up his computer at the desk facing Jake]

Amir: Uh, so Murph just--

Jake: Murph just walked into Ricky's office and he said, Hey, I need to switch desks. I guess he had some friends over at the Busted Tees area that he missed.

Amir: I guess it's kinda like a blessing in disguise 'cause as much as I liked those guys and they liked me, sometimes they were getting on my nerves a little, so... I don't know. This might be better in the long run, 'cause--

Jake: [interrupting] I know.

Amir: Yeah.

Amir: Hey. Dinner tonight?

Jake: No.

[FALSE END]

Murph: Hey, what's up best work station ever?

[everyone chanting, Murph! Murph! Murph!]

[END]