INTRO

JAKE: Hey, you're watching Jake and Amir, but you should be studying.

AMIR: Haha bad joke.



AMIR: (Checking computer) Hey, can you help me upload these videos to Collegehumor?  Something's acting whack.

JAKE: Fine, but only because it sounds like it might be related to your job.  (Gets up and walks to Amir's desk) (Check's Amir's computer) Okay, it's not.

AMIR: W-w-w-wait!

JAKE: What is this?

AMIR: Okay, so basically the crux of this shot is that my—that's my boy, Bradlyn, in that tree and he's just hurling hard, hard rocks and like apples down at cars that drive by.  

JAKE: Geez...

AMIR: Yeah, this video is—haha right there (points at computer screen)—this video is really polarizing on Youtube.  I loved it, but everyone else really, really hated it.

JAKE: Then it wasn't polarizing.

AMIR: Yeah, if you like that video, you're gonna love the next one.

JAKE: I hated that video.

AMIR: (Shouting) Well then you're gonna love the next one! 

JAKE: Shhhh!  Calm down, okay?  You're yelling. 

AMIR: (Nervously shouting) It's called Inversed Snot Rocket, okay? 

JAKE: I can see the title, alright?  Just shh—

AMIR: (Yelling) Basically the crux of the short is that—

JAKE: I'm gonna go because you're screaming—

AMIR: (Grabs Jake by his shirt) NO!

JAKE: Ah, ow!

AMIR: (Yelling) You don't go!

JAKE: Amir, Amir, you're hurting me.

AMIR: (Yelling) I'm just excited to tell you 

JAKE: You're hurting me.

AMIR: (Still yelling) the crux of the short, that's it!

JAKE: Okay, just let go of me, okay?!  (Pulls away from Amir's grip)  God, you're sweating so much right now!

AMIR: (Still yelling) Okay, it's basically w-at the basic level of it it's just two people putting the spray paint bottle in the not—the the things are going up my nostrils and out of my mouth like and inverse snot rocket. 

JAKE: It's cool, shut up (puts hand on Amir's shoulder) you're starting to—

AMIR: (Screaming) YOU DON'T TOUCH ME! (Pushes Jake's hand away)

JAKE: Chill out!

AMIR: (A little quieter, but still yelling) You don't touch me!

JAKE: Chill out, okay?

AMIR: (Yelling) I am chill!  Just don't freakin' grab my shoulder like that.

JAKE: You're-you just grabbed my chest!

AMIR: (Yelling) Okay, in this next video right?

JAKE: You haven't even showed me the other one.

AMIR: (Yelling) In this next one, that's the one that's legit uncomfortable to watch!

JAKE: They're all uncomfortable to watch. 

AMIR: (Yelling) Yeah, well this one, like, my friend, Trayson, right?  He builds this ramp at the edge of a drained lake—

JAKE: Who names your friends?  Trayson?

AMIR: (Yelling) Okay, we built this homemade catapult, right?  A twenty foot catapult and we put his grandma's chocolate lab in it and I'm holding   it down, but the hound just bites my neck, I shoo the mutt off the thing, but I'm holding the catapult with one hand and it just flies outta my hand clips my chin and it's lights out for me!  The-look at that, right there, (Points to computer) the top of my skull

JAKE: Oh!

AMIR: (Yelling) just hits the small of my back and I'm just like, "haha haha haha ha".

JAKE: Alright, just stop yelling, you're sweating!

AMIR: (Yelling) I'm excited to show this, okay?  More than just being excited, I'm excited to show this to—

JAKE: (Grabs amir at the back of his head) Alright, hey, chill out, chill.  Who's gonna chill out?

AMIR: (Struggling) Me.

JAKE: Shut off your computer.

(Amir makes a struggling noise)

JAKE: Shut it off.

(Amir closes his laptop)

JAKE: Good boy.

(Amir gasps for air)

JAKE: Got to sleep.  Sleep.

(Amir makes more sounds of struggle as Jake pulls Amir's head further back) 

(Amir falls asleep)

JAKE: Sleep. 

(Amir snores)

JAKE: ...I hate you so much...

THE END

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1isDbw8Cufg