INTRO Amir - You're a lousy friend, and a terrible singer and I hate you! I--

Jake - We're recording! We're recording. 

Amir- Are we? Hello...



(in the conference room at the end of a meeting, ten employees present)

JEFF: All right! That's some good ideas, good brainstorming, everybo--

AMIR: W-wait, I have a few video ideas. 

JAKE: We just asked everybody if they had any other ideas and you didn't say anything.

AMIR: Yeah, but that's because brainstorming is not about listening.

JAKE: It's not not about listening. 

AMIR: All right, listen up! We reanimate The Little Mermaid.

ADAM(?): Nobody else stood up when they pitched ideas.

AMIR: In 2D.

JAKE: It was in 2D.

AMIR: In 1D then. Huh? 



(Amir is now pacing around the table) 

AMIR: All right, the voice actor who plays Tony the Tiger thinks everything is 'Grrreat'!

SARAH: Yeah, good idea.  I pitched that 20 minutes ago.

AMIR: Yeah, it went over pretty well. Didn't it?

SARAH: Yeah. 

AMIR: BITCH! 



AMIR: (holding a yogurt) It's a commercial for yogurt.

PAT: What's the joke?

AMIR: You're the joke, if you don't like this rich yogurt. (takes a spoonful and then spits it out) I don't like it. 



AMIR: Few song parody ideas. (sings) They tried to make me sign on G-chat and I said yo, yo, yo. (pause, continues singing) I've got an orange, fruit, that tonight's going to be a good night. 



AMIR: All right, it's a frat house, but it's in 3900 B.C., what?!

CALDWELL(?): Oh. That's kind of cool, so it's like campus Greeks versus ancient Greeks.

AMIR: No, mine takes place in Rome and that's completely non-negotiable. So. 



AMIR: Wow. I'm bleeding.



AMIR: What if roosters had watches? Haha, I think it would go a little something like this: clock-a-doodle-doooo. (pause) Swing and a miss from Blumenfeld. Ha. Get off the stage butt-head. Nah, that was a good idea. 



(Amir is by Kevin) 

AMIR: You know how sometimes people just forget how to eat? 

KEVIN: Nope.

AMIR: OK. 



(Amir is standing behind Jake) 

AMIR: All right, one more, and Jake is already on board with this one in a major way.  

JAKE: I'm not. 

AMIR: Well, you haven't even heard it yet.

JAKE: Which is why I'm not on board. You are very close to me, man. 



(Amir singing the beginning tune of Bad Romance and pans out to show everyone has left but Jake)

AMIR: La-la-oh-la-la. Ro-ma-ro-ma-ma. Ga-ga-oh-la-la, want your good orange. 

JAKE: Can we go?

AMIR: Yes. 

THE END. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlZ8oiXv0y8