INTRO

AMIR: Hey, you're watching me and Amir.

JAKE: What the fuck was that?



JAKE: You guys know what today is.

AMIR: Erection day, so cast your bone, it's not that hard-on.

JAKE: Leave.

AMIR: Because I made a joke?!

JAKE: Because you made three jokes, and they were all about dicks. Okay, it was offensive.



AMIR: You know, in some states, the presidential race is a foregone conclusion, so New York and Alabama, thanks but no thanks, you don't need to vote.

JAKE: What if everybody thought like that?

AMIR: Then I'd be a genius. Okay, convincing an entire state not to vote? I should be president.

JAKE: A president wouldn't do that. (Amir makes face) Oh, worst face you've ever made.



AMIR: Barack Obama? More like Yitzchak Osama. Okay, that guy's a Jew and an Arab and you mean to tell me religion has no part in this election? (Jake leaves) Where are you going? Afraid of the truth?



AMIR: Mitten Romney? I'm smitten, Homney. 

JAKE: That's not good, man, homney's not a word.

AMIR: And Paul Ryan, we are tryin', but nobody's Biden their time quite like our vice president, Joseph Dan Quayle.

JAKE: You're not smart.

AMIR: Never said I was.



AMIR: Okay, I know it's a two-party system, but what about the candidate nobody's talking about, Mitt Romney.

JAKE: People are talking about Mitt Romney. You were just talking about Mitt Romney.

AMIR: When?

JAKE: Remember Smitten Homney?

AMIR: Oh, yeah that was funny.

JAKE: It was not funny.



JAKE: Okay, we know you're busy, but you gotta find-

AMIR: Voting isn't hip, but you know what is? A rap, so give me a beat. (rapping) Politics is a polish-dick so cast your vote on this pink (censored)

JAKE: Stop, stop!

AMIR: Censorer! I sense you're a censorer, sir, who censored my words, so rest assured I'm incensed, for sure!

JAKE: No more slam poetry. Okay, that was really good but no more slap poetry.

AMIR: Thank you.



JAKE: You gotta be as well-informed as possible, so research your candidates before you head to the polls.

AMIR: Exactly right, so, for example, Barack Hossein Osama, wow, yeah, he stands for socialism, and Mitt Mone-y, ha ha, he stands... for socialism.



JAKE: So get out there and cast your vote for your candidate todate- today. Today-

AMIR: Oh my God, let me bail you out, brother, so get out there and vote for your favorite candidate today. Huh.

JAKE: Perfect.

AMIR: Wait, let me try one more I wasn't blinking.

JAKE: It's fine if you were blinking.



AMIR: So, get out there and vote for your favorite candiday-diday. Ahh-bululah. So get out there and vote for your favorite candidate di- (sighs) It is harder than it sounded. Three, two one.



AMIR: So get out there and vote for your favorite candiday-diday, (simultaneously) diday, diday. Ahh-bululah

JAKE: (simultaneously) Diday, diday, today.

AMIR: Say it slower. Favorite-

JAKE: One, two, three, (simultaneously) So get out there and vote for your favorite candidate today-

AMIR: (simultaneously) So get out there and vote for your favorite candiday-diday- Ahh, ha, ha, ha!



AMIR: One second. Candiday. I'm not even saying that one word right.



AMIR: Get your VDD Di- Oh my God, I'm thinking about something else.



AMIR: Ahhhh! It's like a ffffff- I'm pissed off now! Candiday-di- (turns around and walks) Whoo!



AMIR: So get out there and vote for your candiday-diday!

JAKE: You know, you weren't blinking before, and now you just did one with your eyes completely closed.

AMIR: I think both of them work. Okay, ready? Three, two, one. Get out there and vote. Blululehh. Let me take it slow and we can speed it up.

JAKE: Even if you were blinking before, that's fine. 



AMIR: (more slowly, enunciating) So get out there and vote for your favorite candiday-diday. 



(Amir turns around and broods, refusing Jake's hand on his back)



(Amir is still facing backwards)

JAKE: Alright, let's try one m-

AMIR: Don't! I said I needed two minutes.

JAKE: And you've been standing there for, like, seven!

AMIR: Candidate. Not even closer.



(Amir is standing by himself)

AMIR: (quickly) Get out there and vote for your favorite candiday-diday, favorite candiday-diday, favorite candiday-diday, oh my God. (clapping syllables) Favorite candidate-to date. 



(Jake and Amir are facing each other)

JAKE: Candidate.

AMIR: Candidididay.

JAKE: Don't say today, it's messing you up, okay, candidate.

AMIR: Candidididay.

JAKE: (hitting Amir with both hands) Come on.

AMIR: Oh!

JAKE: I'm sorry. I'm sorry.

AMIR: That's okay. Yeah, yeah, I needed that. 

JAKE: Candidate.

AMIR: I feel like I got it now. Get out there and vote for your favorite candidaydiday. When you hit me, something messed me up, man.



JAKE: Alright, so if you're over the age of 18-

AMIR: Oh, I'm in college, I didn't register, I can't vote. Wrong!

JAKE: You know, if they didn't register then you actually can't vote.

AMIR: (raising mug of tea) That sounds like Tea Party philosophy to me. (dumps tea on Jake)

JAKE: That was hot tea!

THE END

EPISODE LINK