JAKE: Hi, you're watching Jake and Amir.

AMIR: Your hair looks amazing.

JAKE: Thanks.



AMIR: Oh, by the dubs, you're coming over tonight, cuz I rented Kate  Leopold.

JAKE: You rented Kate  Leopold?

AMIR: Two movies for the price of one, son.  

JAKE: It's all the same one bad movie, and I'm not coming over.

AMIR: Okay, you're gonna feel real bad about the decision if I try to hurt mysel-woah, I have that shirt.

JAKE: Did you say you were gonna try to hurt yourself?

AMIR: No, I said I have that shirt myself. I do.

JAKE: Okay.

AMIR: So.

JAKE: Great.

AMIR: (rapping) When did you decide to put it on?  When did you decide to put it on? (normal) Eh heh heh.  When d'you decide to put on that shirt?

JAKE: Are you rapping or are you asking me a question?

AMIR: Both-ish, answer, though.

JAKE: This morning, right before work.

AMIR: (high-pitched) Aaah.

JAKE: (high-pitched) Aaah.

AMIR: (high-pitched) Aaah.

JAKE: Don't do the stupid laugh, just say whatever you wanna say.

AMIR: (rapping) I'm just saying-

JAKE: And don't rap.

AMIR: (rapping) okay, yo, if you decide to put it on in advance it could be easily done the night before and it's like an easy thing for you to iphone sauce text it away to me so I can know what you're wearing the night before so I can put it on it would be fantastic (rapping in high voice) it would be fantastic like a light sa[sic] plastic.

JAKE: Alright, I'll put it in your language. (rapping) I listened to your story now you listen to mine.

AMIR: Pfffff (i.e., like a drum beat)

JAKE: (rapping) I don't wanna wear that same s**t as you do all the time

AMIR: (rapping) Yes you do.

JAKE: (rapping) No I don't.  And I know I can text you the night before

AMIR: (rapping) Yeah

JAKE: (rapping) But I don't wanna get into the weird things you want me to do anymore.

AMIR: (high voice) Why not?

JAKE: (rapping) So leave me alone for the rest of the day, now that would be fantastic, that would be (points to Amir)

AMIR: (rapping) fantastic.

JAKE: Oh.

AMIR: So. Heh heh.  Alright, let's just agree to disagree on that front.

JAKE: Great.

AMIR: Cool, just text (slips into rapping) me what you're gonna wear the night before-

JAKE: That's not agreeing to disagree.

AMIR: I know, it's just so hmm hmm, sorry, (rapid fire talking) conversation over. It's just so easy.  For you to do it.  (normal) Cuz you have an iphone, so you-  

JAKE: I know it's easy.  It's not about the degree of difficulty.

AMIR: I know, it's ju- you're right.  You are absolutely right.  It's just almost easier for you to send it than not to send it, though.

JAKE: That's not true.

AMIR: I know that's why I said ALMOST, YOU F@@KING A@@HOLE!

JAKE: Okay.  We're done.  

AMIR: Wow.

JAKE: We're done.

AMIR: Wow. Hmm hmm.  Sorry.  That was, ah, (high-pitched) creep alert...crazy.  (normal) Uh, I'm gonna go take a walk, because, yeah, that was not a good thing.  Text me though.  (rapping, Amir gets more intense as it goes on)  Text me what you're gonna wear the night before, peace, I'm out, text it, I'm out son, latah, text me what you're gonna wear and even if you're not gonna kn-know it exactly what you're gonna wear tell me what you're not because of the process of elimination I'll be able to figure it out. PEACE! (Amir makes an explosion sound) (speaks) BOOMS!  OUT!  TEXT ME!

EPISODE LINK