Amir: Um, alright..I was talking to Ricky yesterday and he made it clear to me that one of our jobs was in danger.
Jake: Yours.
Amir: Yeah, mine...specifically.
Jake: So why didn't--why didn't you just say yours?
Amir: My job is in danger I just wanted to make this like a team thing..I know that if I got fired you'd come with me.
Jake: [shakes his head]  



Amir: So I wrote down some ideas because I know..yeah we can work here at College Humor til we're like sixty-five but we should always be thinking about the next......
Jake: [shaking his head] The next what? Do you want me to..?
Amir: The next......
Jake: Am I supposed to finish that sentence for you?  



Amir: Alright, first idea. You know how Barry Bonds is in the home run thing? Like he's about to break the record?
Jake: Yeah.
Amir: So, this website would text you when he hits the big one, when he hits number seven-fifty-five.
Jake: Uh, no that's stupid.
Amir: Okay. Second idea is if you loved the Barry Bonds idea--
Jake: Okay so just skip this one then.
Amir: Okay.
Jake: 'Cause the Barry Bonds idea was no good.
Amir: Okay. Okay. It would text you whenever anybody hits a homerun.  



Amir: Facebook for college students. So it's like a Facebook site but just for college students.
Jake: Yeah, that one's not gonna work just because, uh, Facebook already kind of has you know, every--all the college students--
Amir: Okay, just say..if you don't like something just say next 'cause it's a long list and I don't wanna waste your time.
Jake: Okay.
Amir: And you don't wanna waste mine.  



Amir: Global internet. Portal site.
Jake: Next.  



Amir: Discount electronics.
Jake: Uh, yeah. Sounds like a standard idea. It's not bad.
Amir: Okay, so let's discuss. I'll put a star by it and then let's talk. I was thinking five dollar digital cameras at first.
Jake: Okay, so....
Amir: Two dollar DVD players.
Jake: So you don't get how businesses work.  



Amir: This one's actually kind of cool it's--you step on your laptop and it weighs you. It tells you how much you weigh like a scale.
Jake: Okay so next.
Amir: Scale.com
Jake: Nope.  



Amir: Okay next one is...nicknames everybody loves them, nobody has them. I don't know what that meant. Any idea?
Jake: Nope. It's your list. Just cross it off don't check it. There you go.  



Amir: Funny chinese names.
Jake: I mean, that's offensive and not a good idea.  



Amir: Uh, an alphabetical database.
Jake: Of what?
Amir: Anything.
Jake: Next.
Amir: Okay.  



Amir: Uh, IMDb but no actors. Just the movies.
Jake: So it's worse IMDb.
Amir: Yes.
Jake: No.  



Amir: Alright, a website that says God bless you or Gesundheit for when people sn--
Jake: No good.
Amir: ...sneeze around the office. No good or good?
Jake: No good.
Amir: Okay, say that don't mumble. [Mumbling] Can you hear what I'm saying now or not 'cause I'm mumbling?
Jake: I can.
Amir: Okay.  



Amir: Okay this one's actually kind of neat. It's a telephone for deaf people. So when--
Jake: Next.
Amir: So when deaf people cannot use the PHONE--let me finish! It's so frustrating! I know you're not doing it on purpose but--  



Amir: I just have a couple..a couple more.
Jake: You know I should actually..I should get back to work this is what Ricky doesn't like. So...I'm just gonna... [waves goodbye] We'll leave it at that.
Amir: Um, okay I have like--
Jake: See you have a few pages, just--
Amir: I have--
Jake: Mail those to me?
Amir: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Jake: Alright, cool. Good luck.
Amir: Should I..that's fine. Should I gmail? Or send it to your hotmail?
Jake: Uh, g--yeah send it to..send it to my hotmail.
Amir: Okay.
Jake: Later.
Amir: Wait, one more!
Jake: No.
Amir: Online paper?
Jake: I'm already out of here.
Amir: Does that mean anything to you? Online paper? Okay.  

Jake and Amir: Website Ideas