EPISODE

Carpenter: Guys, welcome to the studio. Thank you so much for coming. We're going to learn some carpentry today.

Amir: Yeah! Let's make some carpets, WOO!!

Carpenter: Awesome, well welcome Amir. Thanks for coming.

Amir: Yeah, well I'm here and I'm not leaving, so ok.

Carpenter: You don't have to leave at all.

Amir: 'Cause even if you tried, you wouldn't be able to.

Carpenter: Oh... I don't want to make you leave.

Amir: You couldn't even force me out even if you wanted to because I'm too strong, so...

Carpenter: Too strong? Well... I have a drill!

Amir: (laughs and then starts screaming at carpenter while Jake holds him back)

(Carpenter is showing Jake how to cut a piece of wood)

Carpenter: Alright Jake, what you want to do is measure this to exactly 12 inches, ok.

Amir: No, nobody does exactly 12 inches anymore. (cuts wood without measuring) You eye-ball it and then you have... This is like close enough I think...

Jake: It's 15.

Amir: Ok, 15 but remember this isn't like rocket science, we're just making carpets, right.

Carpenter: No, carpentry.

Amir: Ok, where's Pat? I want to try and saw his arm off, like (makes saw noise).

(Carpenter is showing Amir how to drill into a piece of wood)

Amir: Can I trace my hand in the wood before we start?

Carpenter: No I, I wouldn't.

Amir: That's what separates you from me. (proceeds to drill)

(Carpenter and Jake are talking)

Amir: Are you clowns almost done with this part? (returns with a bloody bandaged hand)

Amir: Does anyone want to split a soda with me? (about to split a can of soda in half with a saw)

(Carpenter showing Jake where to drill a hole in Amir's piece of wood)

Carpenter: Just, right in the center of the X like, right in the middle of the palm. (bloody imprint of Amir's hand)

Amir: (laughs) Are you guys light-headed?

(Amir is swinging a long plank of wood back and forth while standing in 
front of Pat while he ducks repeatedly)

Amir: Oh Jake, I thought of that game I wanted to rent. It was called uh... Sheesh. What was it called... I think it was called Doom. (Pat) Will you stop ducking, I'm trying to hit you!

(Jake just finished sanding something)

Carpenter: Jake, that turned out really well, man-

Amir: Yeah, well watch this one. All I have to do is sand it- (all the wood pieces drop to floor) Ah, ok. Sh-  It's fine, it's next to my 3 piece dresser drawer. (points to pile of wood)

(Jake and Carpenter are working)

Carpenter: Wait, where's Amir?

Jake: I don't-

Amir: (Amir is behind them, dangling from the ceiling) Guys. 

Carpenter: Oh my god.

Jake: What are you doing?

Amir: Can you build me a ladder super quick?

Jake: How did you get up there?

Amir: Ah, why does it matter. I'm up here and the fact of the matter is, my hand really hurts so could you just BUILD ME A FUCKING LADDER AND HELP ME GET DOWN.

EPISODE LINK 

Checklist for Episodes