INTRO

Amir: Forget your friends and family, this is Jake and Amir!

Jake: What? Why?

EPISODE

[Amir enters.  He is stretching and doing calisthenics constantly unless otherwise specified]

Amir: Woo! Time!

Jake: Woah.

Amir: Hey.

Jake: What was your time?

Amir: What?

Jake: How long was your run? How long did it take you?

Amir: Oh, I didn't run.  Took a cab to work; I was just, uh, asking what time it was. [Gestures to watch] 12:19.

Jake: 4 PM.

Amir: What?

Jake: It's 4 PM.  That makes you like 6 or 7 hours late today.

Amir: 6. Idiot.

Jake: I'm not an idiot; you don't know what time work starts.

Amir: What do you think my biggest weakness is? Correction: was my biggest weakness is?

Jake: You're not smart?

Amir: No.

Jake: You get angry easily?

Amir: No exercise gear, exactly right.

Jake: You also seem incapable of going with the flow of a conversation.  You have like some sort of agenda, you're going to make your point no matter what I contribute.

Amir: No arm warmer.  No tank.  A lack of zero compression pants.

Jake: You had a lack of zero compression pants?

Amir: I went to Sports Authority, and I got calm.

[brief pause]

Jake: What?

Amir: My life has been a whirlwind ever since Passover. Yeah, my dad gave me a hundred dollar bill to go fuck myself with.  Luckily for me, they accept that at most sporting goods stores. [hits ground while doing a push-up] Ow.

Jake: If it's a hundred dollar bill, then they accept it anywhere.

Amir [eating from a gel pouch]: Ugh, these things never get any easier to swallow.  Popped a molly, I'm sweatin', woo!

Jake: Have you actually started exercising?

Amir: Not yet, I'm a triathlete.  As in, I'm trying to be an athlete.

Jake: By buying those clothes?

Amir [doing the macarena]: They say to dress for the job you want.  And I want a blow job.

Jake: You know, that's not even a stretch, that's the macarena.  You can leave, or you can get to work.

Amir: I'm actually pretty depressed about all this shit.  I feel like I can't get my act together at all.

Jake:  Cool, man, I'm sorry to hear that.  What do you want me to say?

Amir: I spent the better part of a G of not my own money trying to make my old man proud.  Turns out the only thing he could be proud of, is that his son is a piece of shit.

Jake: Why would he be proud of that?

Amir: I like to make people laugh, you know?  Except the only problem is I'm the only joke in this room.  And what's so funny about a grown-ass loser?

Jake: I guess it's funny that you're having this realization in compression pants.

Amir: That's true. 

Jake: No, man, I was making fun of you.

Amir: Thanks, man.  I needed to hear that.

Jake: Don't thank me, I was being mean to you.

Amir: Hey, everybody: get a load of these pants.

[crowd which has suddenly materialized begins laughing]

Amir: Oppa gangnam style!

[everyone laughs harder]

[Amir begins dancing and crowd starts to applaud and cheer]

[Jake, smiling happily, claps twice and points a finger to the sky]

[All Gold Everything by Trinidad James can be heard playing]

Amir dressed as blonde woman [in Southern accent]: I want to give you the job you want: a blow job.

[transition to Amir, semi-conscious and dancing, sitting up against some garbage cans on a sidewalk]

Amir: Popped a molly, I'm sweatin', woo!

[Jake and a Police Officer approach]

Jake: Yeah, that's him.

Police Officer: We found him passed out outside of a Sports Authority shouting obscenities at strangers.

Jake: Is he dead?

Police Officer: Unfortunately, no.  He's just sleepy and frozen.

Amir: Woo!

[cut to credits]