INTRO Amir- Jake and Amir's Get Together project!

Amir bangs table.

Amir: So we're heading out or what?

Jake: Naw man I'm working.

Amir: Naw man I'm working that was you. It's 4:30 pm so.

Jake: So, an hour and a half before works over.

Amir: Do you have any idea, that tigers are almost extinct?

Jake: That has no bearing.

Amir: This whole work-life balance thing Jake, you got it way out of control. Okay, you got to make time to start connecting with people man. C'mon!

Jake: I'm working.

Amir: Yeah, well, not anymore!

Jake: Nope, still am.

Random Guy: My thesis, no!

Amir: We really should get out of here.

Random Guy: My life's work!

Amir: ASAP.

Jake: Why don't you just go, I'll meet up with you later.

Amir: Deal.

Fire alarm rings. Amir's voice is heard on the intercom.

Amir: People of Earth, your time of work is over. Please vacate the bulding, at once.

Amir pops up next to Jake.

Amir: Do you smell smoke, I smell smoke.

Jake: I'm going to get a glass of water.

Amir: Okay, just watch out for the flames. I'd miss you too much.

Jake walks away. 

5 minutes later

Amir poses on Jake's desk next to his computer that has been locked up with his keyboard tied also in the lock.

Jake: Okay, unlock that right now.

Amir: Yeah, well I already swallowed the key, so good luck! You'll have to literally cut me up and rummage inside of me. Are you man enough?

Amir gestures to Jake with the key.

Jake: You're holding the key.

Amir: Am I? Well you have to pry it out of my cold-

Jake takes the key from Amir's hand.

Amir: Very well.

Jake: What're you trying to do.

Amir looks to the camera.

Amir: Does anybody else have a better way of stopping their friends from working too much? Please, tell me about it!

Jake: Who're you talking to?

Amir:... Huh?

OUTRO Amir- Get together more and work late less.

Jake: Join our Get Together project at Facebook.com/Bacardi

Jake: Hello, Jake speaking.

Amir speaking in a deep voice.

Amir: Sir, I'm from the space government and you need to stop working at once or the entire solar system will implode.

Jake: You know what, fine Amir, I'll go.

Amir: Awesome (Laughs) except- (clears throat and deepens voice) except, who is this Amir you speak of?

Jake: You know what, I'm going to stay at work.

Amir: Nonononono, it's me, it's me.

THE END

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVgcaTT17j8