INTRO

Jake: Hey, you're watching Jake and Am-

Amir (interrupting): OW! I stubbed my toe!

Jake: How? You weren't moving.

Amir: Oh yeah! I'm fine.



Amir: What are you doing, and don't say pooing. (laugh) I'm a poet and I didn't even know that I was one of them.

Jake: You know, that sounded really planned out actually, and you still didn't get it right.

Amir: Private, answer the captain's question!

Jake: I'm filling out my world cup bracket.

Amir: Oooh, very good, but a little too late.

Jake: It's not too late, it starts this weekend.

Amir: Yes. Oh, 2010 world cup.

Jake: Yeah.

Amir: Who ya got?

Jake: I have U-

Amir (interrupting): Who ya got?

Jake: I'll tell you-

Amir (interrupting): Who ya got, ya got, ya got shot (loud farting/shitting noise) Ohhh, no, excuse me Mr. 
Officer!

Jake: Go to the bathroom.

Amir: Stop yelling about it!

Jake: I'm not yelling about it, you just screamed 'excuse me Mr. Officer' and you clearly shit your pants, so go to the bathroom.

Amir: Why don't you be a little more loud about it, ok? I don't think everybody on the third floor heard you.
Jake: We're on the third floor

Amir: Who ya got?

Jake: I got Spain. Go to the bathroom.

Amir: You have Spain going to the bathroom?

Jake: Y-yeah, no...

Amir: Aha, Jake has Spain going to the bathroom!

Patrick: What smells like shit?

Amir: Oh, fuck me, Jake, you have to help me out. Cmon' they're onto us!

Jake: They're on to you, I have nothing to do with this.

Amir: Jake shit his pants!

Amir: I'm so sorry, I owe you one.

Jake: You shouldn't have called any attention to it, ok? Why don't you just say you farted

Amir: I did fart, but then I shit, ok? I'm not going to lie about it.

Jake: I don't understand why you haven't gone to the bathroom yet.

Amir: Who ya got?

Jake: You know who I got, I got Spain.

Murph: Ah, yeah. Something definitely smells like shit.

Amir: Oh sheesh y'all, 'tis a nightmare!

Jake: You can still get out of this.

Amir: Ok, just tell me what to do and I'll do it-

Jake (talking over Amir): Go to the bathroom.

Amir (talking over Jake): I swear I'll do it.

Jake: Go to the bathroom-

Amir (said as Jake repeats 'Go to the bathroom'): I swear I'll do it, just tell me what to do.

Amir: (loud sharting sound) Uuuhhh, FML. Not once, big time.